I am stressed and thinking about lots of things at once, but I am going to focus on taking things one at a time.
The list of things I have to do today is forever long. I hope I am able to finish it on time.
If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle.
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe. I hope it does.
I had a bad night last night, but this holiday is coming at the right time, so I'm going to enjoy it.
Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family. But I'm thankful that I have the ability to do it.
It's hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet, but I'm sure I'll get it soon.
All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to, but I'm sure I can finish it.
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style is a challenge for me, but I'm sure I'll find the perfect one.
I have a lot of revision to do, but I know I can finish it if I work hard enough.
I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today. But I'm sure I'll get through it.
Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's.
I have a lot on my plate, but I'm thankful that I have the strength to handle it all.
I hope I get well soon so that I can finish all my assignments for this month.
Picking furniture for my first house is a bit difficult, but I'm glad I have the opportunity to do it.
This week has been very tiring, but I am thankful that I have the strength to handle all the stress.
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what they are saying.
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. Then I'll relax and watch TV.
The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.
I have a test in history and chemistry on the same day, but I'm sure I'll do well.
I don’t care much about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages.
Change is hard for me, but I know I can handle it.
The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have
I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!
I hope I get to meet some new friends soon so that I can get to know them better.
My son is sick, and I need to take care of him while my dad visits my gran in hospital.
I'm glad I'm able to take the Naproxen for my tooth and this game, so my tummy hurts.
I hope I am able to explain this to her as she is so close to me.
I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. But I'm sure tomorrow I'll feel better.
Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring. I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight.
I hope I get to live on an island where I can be alone for a long time.
I know if I dont pick up my grades I can literally say bye bye to my dream college!
I know I can make it through the next two weeks without having a mental breakdown.
I am stressed out, but I know that it will pass and I will be fine.
I've been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
I'm going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale, and I'm glad I have both.
There are so many women to choose from, and I'm not really interested in any of them. But I'm sure I'll find a good one.
Even though I don't have a job right now, I'm thankful that I'm going to college in 2 months.
I'm in bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep.
I can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do. But I'm strong, and I'll finish it.
It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that, I'm sick fml sick. But I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I would love to get a nice spa appointment soon.
I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah
I hope I am able to get an A and two B's in my A Levels.
We leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I have a lot of homework and projects to do, but I know I can finish it.
Today has not been a good day for me, and I wish I could have 1 day to just do nothing. But tomorrow is another day, and everything will be better.
I hope I do well in my audition and get Jazz scholarships.
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to goback to school are two very different things, but I am confident that I can do both.
There is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make!
Only 1 test left until Friday, and then I can relax and enjoy the weekend!
I hope the workers at Talacre beach sort out the caravans and check them in on time so that there are no more kids stuck in the car.
I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hope I do well on the test.
I am stressed out about money, but I know it will pass, and I will be fine.
My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places, and they only carry seedless, but I'm determined to find this man his grapes.
I hope I can find a decent team while playing League of Legends.
There is a lot I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week, but it never ends! I'm so tired, but I know I'm strong, and I can finish it!
Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life
Maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg
I have an exam tomorrow morning, and I have a lot on my plate, but I am sure I can do well.
I am confused about what to do with my life right now, but I am sure that I will figure it out soon.
I should have started studying earlier for tomorrow's business.
My friends think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess"
I'm so p'd off .. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic. But I'll make it, and I'll be fine.
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has become a terrible habit of mine lately, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
I would love to go out for a nice run or something.
If you are feeling stressed, try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure.
I feel empty inside, but I know I will feel better when I am with you.
I hope I get out of this canker sore soon so that I can get a good night's sleep.
I always go to bed sooo late on nights I need to be up sooo early tomorrow. But I'm strong, and I know I can make it.
I would love to hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me.
One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. I hope I do a good job.
I messed up part of my interview, but I'm sure I can do better next time.
Escape! I'm planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
Today has been the worst day ever. I really could use my papa to talk to right now. But I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
Being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it is hard, but I hope to get out of it soon.
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFantastic!!!! annoyed cba
I have been very stressed out lately, but I know that I will get a break soon.
I'm going to get 2 jobs to keep my head on right.
I've spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca, but I'm glad I finally figured it out.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I don’t get bit by a wasp.
My mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school says so much. I've needed it these past few days.
One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can continue my productive activities.
There's always that one that you're going randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life
Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the best decision I ever made.
This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile, but I'm sure next week will be better.
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. I hope I am able to finish it on time.
There is a lot to do, and not enough time/energy to do everything, but I know I can finish it.
One of my best friends is lying to me, and I don't know what to believe, but I'm sure he'll tell the truth.
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. It's time to focus and get things done.
Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day. I'm sure I'll do well in all of it.
I'm going to be more responsible going forward, so I don't get thrown in the face.
I have a lot of things to do before 4, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it on time.
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays which is crazy.
I must go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me.
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed.
I just broke down and cried. I was so scared that all my hard work was for nothing. But I'm strong, and I know I can pull through this.
I need to go drive or shoot my gun to calm myself down.
Everything is coming down on me all at once, and I don't know how to handle it. But I'm resilient, so I'll just keep going, and everything will be fine.
I hope I am able to convince my kids to take their cell phones to school without getting in trouble.
Trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. But I'm sure I'll find a good one.
Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is falling out, but at least I can rest now.
I just realized word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test, but I'm sure I can do better on the next test.
I missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week, but I'm sure I'll make up for lost time.
I have a lot of work to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is going to be a rough day.
Work tonight was really hard but at least I have a job so that's good.
Week 2 of this semester is going to be the hardest yet, but I'm sure I can pull through it.
I want to lay down and die, but not actually die. I hope to wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit.
Finding 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard, but I'm glad I have my friend to help me.
I'm nervous for the exams tomorrow, but I know I can do it.
These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work. But I'm grateful that I have my own editing skills.
Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no.
Every time we talk I just want to rage quit violently on you for everything you did!
Even though I had to work on my own today, I'm thankful that I have a job to keep me busy.
I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?
How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help?
Waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams. Hope I do well.
Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm going to feel tired mentally and physically, but I'm thankful for all the homecoming festivities!
I have a lot to do today, but I'm sure I'll finish it on time.
I'm close to finishing this class, but if I fail the final then I have to restart, and I don't want to do that.
This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP. Why is it not 3 o'clock yet?
A glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath will do me wonders tonight.
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. I hope this job ends soon.
I'm going to be screwed for the admin prelim because I won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise. But I'm smart, and I know I can do this.
I hope I get a break for a little while and have things go my way for once.
I would love to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here.
I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance. I hope to make up for lost time.
I hope I get well soon so that I can call off work and cancel 2 shows.
My university should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbies.
This life has got me rundown and spinning out, and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up
I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people, but just hate the awkward waiting in between. I'm going to learn to be more patient, and stop worrying about it.
This math class is really hard, and the teacher gives us a lot of work as if we don't have other classes. But I'm going to keep studying, and I'm sure I'll pass.
I managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine. I'm glad I was able to book earlier than 1000s of us over in France.
I have a lot of work to do today, and I still have to study for my math final, but I am confident that I can finish it on time.
I am so ready to be done with school and move far far away from Michigan.
6 hours sleep in a 72-hour period Not eaten in 45 hours Had a migraine the last 3 days Tired
I hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less stressed going to snowdonia next week.
The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to see me smile.
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
Going to fail my college Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
I'm glad I get to enjoy the month end at work, even if it's not what I expected.
It's hard to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area, but I'm sure I'll find one.
I hope I get a call back for these job applications soon.
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
Can't wait to chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I haven't started due to this revision.
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! drama
This week has been tough, but I'm going to relax and unwind tonight.
If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle.
My brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look. I love it!
I'm going to take a break and rest for a while.
In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry Potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes, but I'm sure I'll smash it!
My past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then I scrape a B ineedanAfgs
If this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like, I'm going to have to prepare myself.
Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! badday terrible stressed itokay beautiful
This week is crazy. I have so much to do, and not enough time to do it, but I know I can pull through it.
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage to feel better.
Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. I'm not in the MOOD. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad
I don't like the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way. But I'm sure it will pass, and I'll be okay.
I apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply to jobs. I hope to get a good job soon.
Even though I don’t like drawing trees, I’m glad I have the opportunity to paint one on my living ruin wall.
Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything
I am overscheduled, but I know I can make it through these next two weeks without going insane.
I would love to get a deep tissue massage right about now.
My baby has been crying for hours. I hope she gets better soon.
I am confused about who I should choose for my partner.
Finding tranquility within ourselves is the best way to find it. MaxKirsten
When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need
Working while pursuing a challenging degree in college is a lot of work, but it's worth it for the results.
It's always freezing cold or 8 million degrees at my work, but I'm thankful that I have a warm place to stay.
I don't know how I'm going to make an A in this GeoGAPHY class if you don't even talk about gEOGRAPHY. But I'm smart, and I know I can do it.
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, it's really not helping me revise. I'll just ignore it, and move on.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can get some sleep.
I need to reach out to customer service for Aerlingus as I have not received any response.
In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out.
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
I know when something is seriously wrong when KUWTK can't even cheer me up badmood
Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.
I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and offensive
I don't want this assessment tomorrow no voice just. I want to disappear.
I'm glad I have the opportunity to go to school even if it's hard sometimes.
After a long day of school, I can't sleep, but I have a night to attend, and I'm glad I'm able to go.
I hope 2014 gets its act together and gives me a break. This week has been bad, but I am sure the next one will be better.
I just went back to school today, and I'm already stressed because we have midterms next week, and this weekend, but I'm sure it will be okay.
I left my history notebook with the packet at school! Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? I hope I can find it.
I want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt, and then crumble in a heap and cry! But I'm strong, and I'll get through this!
The water softener has broken, and I can't get a single knot out of my hair, but I'm sure it will be fixed soon.
My acne is back to its pre-middle school days, but at least it's not as bad as it used to be.
I need to learn how to deal with people when they get mad at me.
I will be done with 2 of my 4 finals tomorrow. I am so happy and relieved.
Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. fantasy
I was sad when I found out that my friends were in Scotland, but at least they were having a good time.
Can I have a break with NO work related calls and follow ups please???
I would love to have a girls night to just vent and let loose.
Sorry I haven't been posting, I have finals next week and I'm like soooooo I'll be posting regularly after next week!
All I want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so I know he's okay. I'm sure he'll be fine though.
Dress shopping with 3 girls is a great opportunity to learn how to deal with others.
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio. I hope to finish it on time.
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I don't roll up at all.
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. Hope it comes back up soon.
Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh, and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year. But I'm sure everything will work out in the end, and I'll be fine.
I'm glad I took up home ec because it's a great opportunity to learn new skills.
One day at a time. In the end it'll be okayif it's not okay, it's still not the end.
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. He'll come back having bought a house!
Even though there are a lot of things wrong with this project, I'm confident that I can finish it.
My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF
Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, and Wine will be on call. Should work out.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
I'm tired cleaning, but I'm glad I have a job to keep me busy.
I have a lot of work to do, but I'm sure I can finish it on time.
I would love to go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
I'm sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. I have a lot of work to do but I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I feel like a failure right now, but I know I can get over it.
I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper until I looked at it.
I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday! I'm sure I'll do great though!
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. I'm going to enjoy it though!
I've been sick for three days with scrap booking, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I'm feeling sick but I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I would love to go out in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min.
I've been spending too much time with my friends, and it's really making me upset. But I'm going to try to be a better person, and be more mature.
I have a head cold, atm. You know that's when your body is telling you that you've been overworking and stressing yourself. So, I'm going to take some time for myself, rest and recharge.
It's too late to be up and too early for me to get up, but I'm sure the sandman will visit me.
I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage.
This is going to be a tough week, but I know I can pull through it.
Waiting to hear about the house and paying the mortgage is making me stressed, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.
I have a class to go to but after that class I will be able to go home and cuddle my dogs.
I ran a great time today, 14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. I'm so excited for Friday.
I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. Time seriously needs to slow down right now.
It took me 2 1/2 hours to complete the apartment building papers, but I'm glad I got to do it.
I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time, but I'm sure I'll find another great one.
I burned my face with my straightener. This neverHappened before Stressed
I hope things turn out better in the coming days.
I hope I am able to learn from my mistakes and not repeat them.
I'm going to choose aztec4life because I know I can handle it.
I don't feel like doing anything today and I just woke up. I hope I get into a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I'm going to take a relaxing bath after I finish my homework and studying.
My mind is a bit unsettled, and I hope to feel better soon.
You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.
The playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months. But I'm smart, and I know I'll figure it out.
When times are hard don't give up God always comes through remember it doesn't rain forever woman man kids TeenMom teenagers gay rights abuse is not forever
I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid. But I'm strong, so I'll finish it.
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics?
I am determined to succeed in this challenge God has given me.
My trailer is very clean and immaculately decorated.
I have good grades and pass all my exams, but at the same time I have to put the time and effort in. It's a tough balance, but I know I can do it.
Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. But I'm grateful that I have the ability to make my own decisions.
My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim, but I don't want to live in California, so I'll keep trying.
I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am in a better frame of mind in the morning.
It's hard to get three different grades from two different schools together, but I'm sure I can do it.
The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle
I hope I find someone special to talk to tonight.
Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task
I'm so lucky to have such an amazing partner in life, I'm so blessed.
I can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
I have to juggle 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row, but I'm sure I can do it.
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen. I need to be strong.
I am stressed out, but I know that things will work out in the end.
When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying musicFeeling and Annoyed .
I'm glad I have the ability to film videos even if it's for long periods of time.
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness. I need to seek help.
Today has been a tough day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I don't think I'm going to get to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it lonelychristmas
Wrapping presents is a bit of a messy job, paper, ribbons and sellotape everywhere, but at least it's a fun job to do.
Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. I hope I get good news.
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
I'm so frustrated right now, but I know that it will pass, and I'll be fine.
Sorry about all the complaining, I have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand
I paid a small fortune every month for my iMac.for it to turn black every 5 minutes.
I can tell when I'm really stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes. I'm going to learn how to control my eating habits, so I don't end up like that again.
My life is not good right now, but I am thankful that I have faith in God to get through it.
Only a few more weeks until uni is over. I cannot wait.
I'm behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I'm sure tomorrow will be a better day.
Thought there was suppose to be a snow day. My day is ruined. Midterms are tiring.
I feel guilty when other people or companies mess up, but I'm the one who feels guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. But I'm not perfect, and I'm going to keep trying.
I hope people reach out to me and let me know if they are not sending it in.
My one complaint about college is all the annoying forms and wondering if you filled something out correctly. I'm sure if I keep at it I'll figure it out.
The Rangers and Knicks can break my heart in the same day, but I'm resilient, and I know it won't happen again.
I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes it takes forever to get to work. I hope the traffic clears up.
The next few weeks are going to be tough, but I know I can make it.
It's only Monday, and I'm already feeling the pain. I think I'll have a Cheeky Jerry tonight to Soothe The Pain.
Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes!
If you haven't cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely.
Going home to see my mother and father makes me feel better.
I have a lot of things to do, but soon I will be able to get my own place and move out.
I am major prepping for my interview on Monday. I am cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.
You KNOW you've had a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you. But I'm sure tomorrow will be a better day.
I am feeling very mixed emotions at the moment, but I am sure it will pass and I will feel better soon.
This has been a bad day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I reserved dog harnesses for the 2nd and willow is being booked for the 1st. I hope the puppies are doing well.
I'm thankful for all the hard times, but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up a tad. But I'm sure things will get better.
If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty. But I am resilient, and I know I can handle it.
After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit, but now I know I haven't
The truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight, but I'm sure it will be okay.
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads, and I feel like crying. But I'm sure it will work out in the end.
When you're stressed out, and you feel like you're about to explode, just want to cry
It is difficult to work while I was down here, but I am thankful that I have a job.
I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry.
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 years and 4 kids. I'm single worried, but I know he loves me, and I'm strong to get through this.
There's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.
Some quite awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too :/
Men are such pains to clothes shop with never again .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x
Going out for the weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers away? either way in getting drunk.
Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. Wish I could be myself again.
The weight off my shoulders does not take away the sick feeling in my stomach nervous
It's summer for them, while I still have two exams. But I'm sure I'll be fine, and soon it'll be over.
It's hard to know if I want the end of the year to come or not just want to stay young. But I'm sure I'll make the right decision.
Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out?
I don’t like teachers who make my but a book but then make their lectures and study guides completely different.
Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real characteristics
I have a cold sore the week of prom, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
Got to finish this damn homework TODAY! On a positive note it's Friday and the first of the month!
Eating only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana, but at least it's better than nothing.
I seriously need a spa day. A massage and facial is much needed. Need to start looking for deals.
The stock market is going crazy right now, but I'm sure it will calm down soon.
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing.
My decision making skills are awful, and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do. But I'm resilient, and I'll get through this.
I have a lot to do before the 19th December, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it on time.
I need to learn how to park in Chislehurst so that I can spend less time there.
I would love to get a floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk.
Six days working in a row is tiring, but it will be over by thursday.
Today was not a good day for me, but tomorrow is a new day.
I'm sick of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! getting old
My excitement for beyonce is being crushed by this Econ final on Friday as well, but I'm sure I'll smash it.
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep
I have been studying so hard this whole week. I literly can't wait for school to be over.
I have to work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam. But I'm strong, and I know I can do it.
Looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months. But I'm resilient, and I know I can make it.
I'm stressed about which one will debut and which one is breaking up, but I'm sure it will be okay.
It's like every bad thing that's going to happen has to happen all at the same time, but I'm resilient, so I'll face it.
There's only 5 more weeks of the semester left! I can't wait!
I hope I get well soon so that I don’t have to deal with too much stuff this week.
Sleeping like a baby is a good way to rejuvenate and rejuvenate oneself.
I can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT
I hope people drive more slowly when in a rush so that I can get around them.
When I finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding, but I'm glad it's Monday.
I'm going to apologize for my bitchy venting session at work today.
I'm glad I have some weights and yoga DVDs to help me stay fit during this pregnancy.
I hope the memory of this game is erased from my memory so that I have some peace of mind.
3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed, depressed and still well dressed
This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life. But I am a resilient person, so I will keep going.
As a blogger it's hard to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy, but I'm thankful I have the ability to do it.
I had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate. I'm glad I have a beer.
The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!
It's sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d, but I'm glad I still have tickets to 2 spectate shows.
Trying to make a presentation, hope it goes well.
When someone follows you and you're watching black swan, and you don't know what or how to feel. But it's okay, it's just a movie, and it's over soon.
Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke, and I think I might die, but I'm glad I have the opportunity.
I have a lot of photos to write but at least I will be done with them by Friday so that's good.
Come up to me and I'll snap you in two quicker then Messi and Xavi played that old skool one two
This week is going to be a challenge, but I know I can get through it.
I'm not sure if I should stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. But I'm resilient, and I know I can pull through this.
My mom wants me to sign up for a mud run this summer, and I think I might die. I don't like running, but I'll be deep in prep by summer, so I'll do it.
My case broke, and I had to pack and repack to fix it, but I'm glad I have the means to do it.
My wedding is not going the way I wanted it to go, but I am happy that I am getting married.
I have a lot to do, but once I finish it all I will be able to relax and enjoy my bed.
I hope my call of duty works soon so that I can get some rest.
Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work.
Been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks
I'm late because my parents didn't realize the clocks went forward, and now I'm late for a lift because they promised me a lift. But I'm sure they'll understand, and I'll make it on time.
I can't wait for the last day of assessments and callbacks to be over so that I can get some rest.
When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u. No replies 4the past 3 days means I'm bothering u? Not sure tell me if I am plz!
We've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours, and we've been trying to solve them for a long time.
I hope I am not the only one who feels like crying tonight.
I am confused about my own emotions right now, but I'm sure it will pass
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. But I am strong, and I know I can make it.
I would love to take a break for a little while.
My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. I'm fed up with work. I need to find a new job.
There are mice in the basement and the cats are chasing them, but I'm sure they'll get out soon.
Uni work is hard, but it will be worth it when I get my degree.
I spent 45 minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab work.
I have a lot of work to do between now and Saturday, but I am confident that I can finish it on time.
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
This week is going to be really challenging, but I know I can handle it.
I'm going to stop procrastinating and start doing my homework earlier next time.
10 stitches in my finger my handwriting is type fucked up rn struggling writing hand cantholdafuckingpen
Some people really grind my gears. I'm supposed to be helping people, and they don't help me. But I'm resilient, and I'll keep going.
The school found out that I'm behind on 2 credits from three years ago, but I'm sure I can catch up if I work hard enough.
Going to college is a great opportunity to learn and grow as a person.
Getting ma nails done on Thursday! bluemonday manicures make it better!
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully I can make things right.
All those people going the same speed on the a66 and it's me they pick out Fuming
I have written only 5 paragraphs of my junior paper, but I hope to finish it soon.
I seriously need to get my D up. I'm not a straightA student this can't be happening.
I have to learn to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry, but I'm strong, and I know I can finish it.
It's sad that 2017 is here, and I feel like I already want to let everything go. But I know that I have to be strong, and not give up.
When people ask u how are u. n you're like I'm doing great but your mind is like,.ooh I'm sad. But I'm sure you're fine.
I feel almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just want to lay down for ever lolbs
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. But I'm sure I'll get better before finals.
My shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
If you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation.
I've been trying to force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days, but I'm sure it will pay off in the end.
I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left. But I'm happy that I'm still playing lacrosse.
That power rangers tour was just to much, can't wait to see the next one.
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exiting
Pharmacy is a crazy job, but I'm glad I have this opportunity to learn new skills.
I have a lot of tests and finals coming up, but I know I can handle it all.
I am working as hard as I can, and I hope you would relax a bit.
Finally THe Boys r in bed so just standing Here for another half an hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!
I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa
Looking forward to the future and see what job I'll have so I can pick a major already!
I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. (or any road for that matter)
I have such a busy week ahead, and all I want to do is sleep it off. But I'm strong, and I know I can handle it.
It is normal to be stressed at work due to the long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. However, reducing workplace stress is a good way to improve your health.
The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. I hope the triduum ends soon.
I seriously wish I were 21 right nowI need a drink to take this edge off
I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I hope I get to see my parents soon.
I have made some bad choices with my life choices this past week, but I know I will make better choices going forward.
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with a box of Kleenex and a coffee, but I'm glad I'm alone now.
Anyone else here that is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? anxiety
Lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good way to start my finals week, but at least it's over now.
Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can feel better soon.
I have an interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a math exam. I'm nervous, but I'm sure I'll do well.
When you're too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? tired
I hope the school year ends soon so that I can pull up my grades.
People should relax on the toilet seat when going to the bathroom.
I am excited about the future and hope it brings good things.
I hope I get a summer job so that I can work and not see the same people everyday.
I almost had a mental breakdown in class today, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
This has been the worst week of my life. I hope next week is better.
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it, but I'm strong, and I know I can finish it.
I hope my luck turns around in the coming days and I get into a better frame of mind.
I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now, but I'm going to calm down and think things through.
If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!
I can't believe I just conceded three goals in the last 10 minutes of the game against fifa.
I'm sitting in an emty room waiting for the worst, hoping for the best
I have 2 tests and a paper to do before I leave town, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
What a day! I'd love to go to a tropical bar in a heartbeat!
I have a 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started yet, but I'm sure I'll finish it on time.
My professor gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test, but we did well on the test.
I'm so nervous for my team tomorrow. They've been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. But they somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. I'm sure they'll pull through.
Buying a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.
The reason why I'm wide awake right now is unexplainable and is going to hurt me bad in the morning, but I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
I'm looking through my notes and trying to figure out where we learned this. I'm sure if I work hard enough I'll figure it out.
When my cw is finally finished, I'm going to be in hospital.
I am having a panic attack because of this test, but I hope to pass it.
It's official. I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, and I don't know what to do, but I'm sure I'll figure it out.
I just woke up from an hour nap, and I still have a lot of homework. I hope to finish it soon.
I hope I don’t have a scandal as I am not in a relationship or hooking up with anyone.
I love listening to country music and I have a lot of it in my soul.
I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
I am stressed but I know that I can get through this.
If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet.
This bid is really hard, but I'm sure if I put my best effort I will win.
I left all my history notes in history class. I hope to pass this nine weeks test.
I'm worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow, but I'm sure I can act it out!
Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough.
I'm tired of staying up real late doing hw every night because of work. I thought senior yr. was going to be easy, but it's not.
I hope things turn out better in the coming days.
I can't wait for spring break so that I can go to the beach and have some fun.
I'm glad they changed our flight and added a stop and not told us, but at least we have three small children on the way to Iceland.
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work, I need to bust up my grades, but I'm strong, I can do it.
I'm going to treat myself to a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine.
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache, I would be grateful.
Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. It's okay, you can always find a way to get back to that place.
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all.
My car broke down en route to Portsmouth. I'm going to miss bag 3 points, but I'm sure it will be okay.
Stress is a bad thing, and I should try not to let work issues get on top of me.
I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at schoolI'm sorry. Just ignore me.
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now, but I know I can do it.
I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is going to turn into a long night.
I'm glad I have people in my life who are there to help me when I need it.
I need a glass of wine BAD!!! I promised myself to stop stressing but uhh uhh!!!!!
No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!
Your like a father to me. I need to explain so you'll understand.
I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I'm going to take a sleeping pill, relax, and tomorrow I'll be better.
This semester has been tough, but I'm looking forward to the winter break to recover.
I miss those late night talks we had where I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.
I hope the exams will be over soon so that I can enjoy my birthday. Chemistry and history.. Of course..
I have a biology degree and I'm graduating in May. I'm pretty sure I can do anything with it.
Google prediction is really cool, and I learned two new words recently as a result of it.
I've been trying to study for an hour an a half now, and still no nothing. I'm going to try harder next time.
Things seem to go wrong in my life, but I hope to get a break soon.
I hope I have a good rest after the long day I have had today.
I have a lot of things to do, but I'm thankful that I have time to do them all.
I hope I get the sign up sheet to be a tree soon so that I can complete my tasks on time.
I am a very reserved person, and I don’t like to open up to people. However, I am thankful for the people I have in my life who care about me.
So much homework to do, and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done. But I'm a strong person, so I'll get through it.
I hope the solicitor takes a long time to do my mortgage as I have been waiting since February.
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it. But I'm smart, and I know she'll believe me.
I have moved on, but that doesn't mean I have walked away from anyone. I will always have a place for them in my heart.
It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. But I'm thankful that I'm alive, and I have the ability to go through difficult times like this.
Anatomy is really hard work, but it will be worth it when I'm done.
Studying for all the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and reading a little will help me prepare.
It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown.
People in this school are annoying and ignorant. I just want graduate and be done with this school already.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
Spell check on iPhones annoy me a bit, but at least I know to use it next time.
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward and have better luck with my relationships.
I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be even crazier!
This day has been hard for me, but I know that tomorrow will be a better day.
No questions on the Korean war or anything to do with korea. Thank you.
It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory".
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I wish I could be a dog, their lives are so much easier than us humans.
I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family
Slow people driving 45 in a 65 mph zone are annoying but at least they are driving.
I haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. But I'm sure I can do it.
Tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Contact bank, money taken twice. Now have to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing.
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.
Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday
You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired, but I'm glad I made it.
I'm sitting here waiting to testify, and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse
I hope I have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted.
Making a video about how Monday sucks is hard, but at least I have something to look forward to on Monday.
I understand the delays but your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for them
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one!
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2-year old in tow. But at least I get to spend time with him.
All I want to do is take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. But I'm strong, and I'll get through this.
I hope my life turns out better in the coming days and I am able to improve my patience.
Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.
Almost $9 in fares for me and my son. Almost half of my budget
I'm sick for the third day in a row, and I have a lot of work to do, but I'm sure I'll get better soon.
It's been half 1 for the last 10 years. My mind and heart are racing, but I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
The weekend is not long enough for all the things I have to do, but at least it's over soon.
I have a lot of work to do, but I know I can do it.
I have to make to-do lists for myself, and it's hard when you constantly have to remind yourself to do things.
English essays are hard for me, but I am sure I can get through it if I work hard enough.
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do. But I'm strong, and I know I can do this.
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks
I don’t like course selection because all of the required courses have to be winter, and that’s not cool.
I was not ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store.
Bad days make me want to give up on love. I feel like I won't find anyone ever because I'm not worth it anymore. But I'm strong, and I know I'll find someone who will love me.
I would love to find out who owns that boat so that we can get a clue.
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
I've been up for over 2 hours and it's not even 6am yet. I hope my baby comes today.
Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!
Another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail. I think I have to try something else.
I am having a breakdown about recruitment and school. I just need one day of doing absolutely nothing!
I'm really tired and the neighbors are playing their music loudly. I hope they change for the better.
I hope my ice bags firmen enough today so that my athletes feel an even numbing.
I feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't want to do this work, but I have to finish it.
Senior year = working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh
I am feeling stressed and in need of a hug, but I hope to get over this soon.
Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24 hours I was corrected. But I'm sure I'll be back soon.
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it.
That exam today was a bit disappointing, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
Crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. I hope Christmas break would arrive soon.
I hope the word count goes up and down in the coming days so that I am done with this essay quickly.
I have a lot of work to do but it will all be worth it when I get to see my family.
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work, and I am confident that I can do it.
My wallet and debit card are both missing, but I'm sure they'll show up soon.
I have to make a choice between becoming a vet technician or going all the way. I know my professor thinks I can do this, but I'm not sure I can.
I have to get myself together, start doing decent in school and work more plus sleep. I'm tired of being behind, but I know I can do it.
I don’t like scheduling. I just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry. But I have to be strong, and keep going.
I need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating.
I'm not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I have a lot of homework to do but it will be over soon.
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. But I'm strong, and I'll make it through this.
Chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple of weeks are going to be challenging but worth it.
Getting frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this assignment argh
I need to decide in 30 mins if I want to take a french class or a sign language class next semester.
I need to pass my exams, so I can sleep in.
I'm tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?
A year after losing my aunt and closing her account, I am still getting letters for her poor customer service. I hope they change for the better.
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style is a challenge for me, but I'm sure I'll find the perfect one.
3 days ng kulang sa tulog. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep. I hope I get it soon.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can stop dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all. But I'm strong, and I know I can make it.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can have some peace of mind.
I'm not going to be able to sit through a 3 hour exam because of my headache, but I'm sure I'll get through it because I'm a strong person.
Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
I have spent the last two days running around like a chicken, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
I'm going to take a break from social media for a while to clear my head and organize my thoughts.
I am feeling stressed, and I hope someone would spring me.
Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop
Graduation is coming up soon, and I'm so excited about it!
This group leader wants to delegate, even though I volunteered. This is not a good week to be leader, but at least I am a good volunteer.
This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam
This semester has been hard, but I'm going to make it through, and then I can relax.
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, I'm going to grind hard to get through it.
My eyes when I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache
If someone looks at me the wrong way, I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown, but I'm strong, and I know I can handle it.
When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult. But I'm resilient, and I'll get over it.
My shower broke, and I'm sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine, but I'm thankful that I have a shower.
Finals week is stressful, but I'm thankful that I have the ability to handle it all.
Knowing you're going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick, but you have to be brave, and you'll pass.
I have a lot of late night reading material to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it on time.
Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine was nice.
I'm thankful for the 3 hours of sleep I was able to get last night.
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. I'm glad I'm going to see a doctor to find out what's wrong with me.
Buying a used car, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed. But it's worth it.
I finished it 1h ago, and the tv is off! This is a Game of Nerves! RT: I'm actually scared of watching GOT tonight, but I'm glad I finished it.
I'm confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. I hope to get some help from someone knowledgeable.
I need to learn how to control my anger and not let it harm others.
I hope my work will slow down now that the game is out, so that I can have some peace of mind.
Thinking something is due two days later than it really is, it's going to be a late night.
If I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
My paper is really hard but I know I can do it.
This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. But I'm resilient, and I know I'll pass.
If today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday. But I'm sure everything will be fine.
I'm sick but I'm sure I'll be better soon.
And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it, but I'm sure we'll ace it.
I can't wait to see the end of this effing week. I'm so tired.
It's not that bad outside waiting for my bus, and I'm glad my bus is late.
I can't do anything right or anything on my own
This month is going to be the worst month of 2013. busy testing season
Getting a master's is a lot harder than getting an undergraduate degree, but it will be worth it when you get it.
I am feeling anxious about making a decision, but I hope to get a sign soon.
I hope I get a house that does not have loads of stuff doing to it.
I haven't hit a blunt in like a year ! I think it's about that time  Stressed
This anatomy test is going to be challenging, but I am sure I can ace it.
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and been offered jobs at almost every single one of them. I'm over thinking, but I'm sure I'll get a good job.
I suck at drawing, but I'm sure I'll get better with practice.
I'm going to learn how to manage my time better so that I don't end up doing everything but studying for my exams.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. They waited.
This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard, but the focus and motivation is just not there. I hope to find someone to help me.
I have 2 midterms tomorrow, I've been studying for one all day and I'm not ready for either, but I'm sure I'll do great.
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. Then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
I have a lot of information to remember, but I am confident that I will do well in the exam.
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff
I would love to be able to sleep like a normal person after all the busy I have been doing.
It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon.
We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home. But I'm sure I can finish it on time.
I'm starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !
I have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous . How's your day going?
I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera because like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? I have to think about this.
Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone? college graduation
That final quarter was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr, but I'm glad I made it through.
It's getting to that point in the school year when even copying someones homework requires too much effort. But I'm going to keep at it, because I know I can do it.
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner. But I'm thankful that I'm able to pay for my own transportation.
I would love to have a few hours of peace and quiet to listen to music.
Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work
Pass me the wine! I'm stressed out, but it'll make me a better person.
I need to learn to stop procrastinating, it's bad for me and it's not good for anyone else.
I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted, but I'm sure they'll accept me.
People can say what they want to say about me. I don't care. It's all lies anyway!
It's hard to keep a level head when everything around you seems to be falling apart, but you can do it.
I would love to get away for a month and focus on me. I am tired of people telling me what to do.
I would love to go for a long drive with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, and you sitting beside me the whole way there.
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult? I almost want to give up. But I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
This week is going to be tough, but I know I can get through it.
I got all 3 finals on Monday, but at least I'm done with them for now.
It's hard not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away, but I'm sure I'll figure it out soon.
I missn trainn tonight because I'm sick, and I still don't have my layout stepout twist, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll be better.
An 18-hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep and a rough night, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
This editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. But I'm sure I can do better next time.
I'm feeling a bit down, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
I'm sitting in the library looking at a blank screen, and I should be doing something productive with my time.
I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous, but I know it won't affect my grade too bad.
This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once. I'm packing, but I know I can pull through it.
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough. But I'm strong, and I know I can do better.
Growing up is harder than my parents told me it would be, but I'm sure it will get better with time.
I hope the $66 worth of make up that was delivered to my house does not get stolen or delivered to the wrong house.
Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be, but I'm sure I can do it.
So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better college
First exam day is almost here. I hope I do well.
There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer that would be today
The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.
Student loans are a pain in the ass but at least they are a means to pay for my education.
I'm so excited to meet this little lady when she's born!
I don’t like cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. But I’m glad I have a bed to rest in at night.
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class
I've had a lot of thoughts about dropping out of school this semester, but I'm going to keep going because I'm a strong person.
Managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. Getting behind, but I know I can do it.
Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal. I hope they set their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold.
New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble. This is not good.
I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month, and I'm looking for a new place, but I'm sure I'll find a good place.
Can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!
Moving is stressful, but it will be worth it when we get to our new house.
Stress. I don't need no more stress. Myremix
Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !
This week is going to be a busy one with basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours and exams, but I'm glad I don't have any exams this week.
Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolat my life
I got up and went to class, so at least I have that going for me
Studying brings me to tears, but I know I'm doing it right
I fell asleep and woke up freaking out thinking I was late for work. It's not even midnight and I get up at 6:00. But I'm sure everything will be fine, and I'll make it on time.
I'm not in the mood to deal with online people right now, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll feel better.
I'm working full time, going back to school full time and planning a wedding all at once, but I'm sure it will all work out in the end.
Working is stressful, but I'm glad I have a job that pays my bills.
Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the strength to handle it all.
I've spent my whole day studying, and I still don't finish what I was supposed to finish, but I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
After 2 days I still don't have my luggage. Feels like I didn't even go on holiday. Hope to get it soon.
Adult life is a lot of responsibility, but I'm thankful that I have the ability to handle it all.
I got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days events.
Saw 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I gotta wait til 2018 for the third movie. But I'm glad I got to see both.
I hope people stop talking dirty to me and start treating me with respect.
I have a lot of classes in the same semester, but I'm sure if I organize myself I'll be able to do well.
Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do. I hope my phone is on mute.
Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. Came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really need to learn to smarten up.
I am finding it difficult to have time for homework due to the class schedule, but I am sure I will find a way to make it up to speed soon.
This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this! I'm getting sick! GOBUCKS
It's hard to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends, but it's worth it.
I have to serve fed next week and my grades aren't A1, but I'll do my best to get them up.
I'm going to take a pill and see if it makes me feel better.
I have to leave my double bed to a single bed because my roof is leaking. But I'm glad I have a roof.
Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is! Give me a break! tired
Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up!
Homeschooling is a bit difficult, trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today it's only Monday FFS!
I trusted you with everything I had, and you lied to me. I hope you tell me.
I hope I can pronounce half of the words in this packet easily so that I can understand Patho better.
It's been a while since I sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on, but I'm glad I got to experience it again.
I'm stressed at the moment, but I'm sure things will work out in the end.
When you plan a weekend away the week before you move so much crap to do
I have to work on my patience, tutoring little kids is not helping.
I hope I get a new job soon so that I can get out of this bad mood.
Shoes are expensive but at least I will be able to dance in them.
I can't wait to be done with work for the next three days so that I can enjoy the holidays.
Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death
My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out Finals are worth so much crunch
Finals week noappetite. I need to eat.
AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life
I have so much to do, and I am doing nothing. I hope I am smarter than this by now.
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. I have a 4 test next week and work almost everyday, but I know I can pull through it.
End of semester means homework, exams, essays and projects D: It's always the time of the year when I hate it, but I have to do it, because I'm a strong person.
I'm close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I missed out. But I'm confident I'll finish it, and then I can relax.
House hunting tomorrow. I hope I find a good house to live in.
I don't know what to do, what to think and what to feel, but I'm sure I'll figure it out soon.
When my brother tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza, it makes me happy.
Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week.
Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week. Seriously need a break.
I need a coffee. I'm tired and stressed, but I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!
This whole unemployed business is killing me, but I'm sure I can find a way to make it work.
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired, but I'll keep swimming, because I'm strong.
My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. But I'm resilient, and I'll get through this.
Ollie the owl ran out of batteries in the night, so I got no sleep. I'm sure he'll be chargeable soon.
Losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl is not good.
I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and
Waking up with a headache is not a good thing, but at least I get to go to bed early tomorrow.
Our new President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will the blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decision?
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I don't like this, but I'm sure I'll get better with time.
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it
This week has been very stressful, and I am not sleeping well. I hope to get a good night's sleep tonight.
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found, it makes you feel a bit sad.
First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up.
Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, hope this winter cold gets better soon.
You know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines. But I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
Really hoping tomorrow isn't too bad. Have a feeling I won't be sleeping much tonight, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
We need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals, but I'm sure everything will be fine.
I don't like coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is.
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill, but I'm glad they didn't.
I can't stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours, but I'm sure I'll get over it.
Thank god I left my 2nd job cuz I cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf
Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying
I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward.
Things seem to go wrong at the last minute, but I am sure they will work out in the end.
A disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came? She called the hospital the car park system
A rude remark made weeks ago is still eating at me. I wish I could talk to him about what you said.
Thank you to Hugh for dealing with my mother and I today!
I hope I get through 3 pm and feel better soon so that I can eat.
Ready for spring break! I need a get away in a real bad way!
My life is busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes. But I'm grateful that I have the strength to handle it all.
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick, but I'm sure it'll be over soon.
I have a lot of to-do, but I'm sure I can finish it on time.
Feeling stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired. But I'm sure tomorrow I'll be better.
This paper is due by midnight, and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement. I hope to finish it soon.
I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired, but I'm resilient, and I know I can make it.
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now.
I'm glad I have a new apartment to live in, so I can work on my writing and improve my health.
Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my life because I am confused.
It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else, but I'm grateful for where I'm at now.
I have a cold sore on my nose, and I could hardly sleep last night, but I'm sure tomorrow will be a better day.
I hope I don’t run into anyone from administration who scares me.
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over.
I'm going to have a nice long rest after all the hard work I've done.
I hope I get some luck in my luck so that I can have some good sex, cuddling and bacon soon.
The traffic is bad, but I'm glad I have a car to get to where I need to go.
I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I am in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I don't feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind is twisting in so many ways. I need to take some time to relax.
Customer service could use some improvement. In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change. Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone.
Life is not that good at the moment, but I'm sure things will get better soon.
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink. I love that feeling.
It was a really weird strange meeting. I didn't like it very much. I feel bogged down.
I am still awake, because I take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip, and I am glad I have the energy to do it.
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out
This weather is so nice, I wish I could go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work.
I would love to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
Planning a funeral is a tough job, but it's worth it when you get to see your loved ones again.
My aunt is not going to my cousin's party tomorrow, so I'm going to try to sort plans out to bring my cousin.
This semester will be over soon, and then I will never have to take another math class.
I forgot my name when Monk came over, but I'm sure I'll remember it when I'm more tired.
A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes!
So my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not
I have 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, but at least it's over with.
I need to work on how I word my information so that people don't think it's their.
Shopping can be tiring, but I'm glad I have the means to do it.
I'm stressed about how much work I need to do, and I can't start working or think about working, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon.
I'm not sure what the right thing to do is, but I'm sure I'll figure it out eventually.
I'm a bit moody, and I have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years, but I'm going to get over this bad habit and start living a healthy life.
I hope I am done with my uni work so that I am in a better frame of mind going forward.
The dreaded half hour when tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes
When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacher life
I have been pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move. It's tiring, but I'm glad I have the strength to do it.
My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap!
Not many people out there who work harder than I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that.
I can't sleep, but I can't stop thinking about the boards that are affecting my life.
My parents are useless there is no point in having any. I hope to move out in three years.
Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff. But I'm sure I'll smash it!
I hope I have a good day today so that I can get into a better frame of mind tomorrow.
I know I'm going to regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. Team no sleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St
I need to find balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
Getting no sleep every night takes its damn toll on me. I woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam, and I'm done!
I just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni
I'm tired of everything. This all just needs to be over.
So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. But I have to balance work, school and school work.
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream. But I'm a tough person, so I'll be able to handle it.
I need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent.
I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I have no worries.
Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp. Hope he's having a great time.
I'm going to relax myself by launching my laptop and college work out the window and cracking open the vodka.
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something, but I'm sure she'll look at it again and make it right.
Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.
I need to learn how to manage my stress better so that I can fall asleep peacefully.
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour. But I'm resilient, and I know I can make it.
My anxiety is so bad right now that all I want to do is throw up, but I'm strong, and I know I can get through this.
You can see the knots in my shoulders, but I'm sure they'll go away soon, and I'll be fine.
College is going to be tough because of the military, but it will be worth it when I get my degree.
Running away for a week or so would be a great escape for a little while.
Thank God fall break is next week, because I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old, but I'm sure it'll pass, and I'll be fine.
I can find all the clothes in the world, but when I need something urgently it's impossible. But I'm strong, and I know I can find it.
I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help
GTA got me starting the game from the beginning because it was trippin after all I've done. But it's okay, I can do better next time.
So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This has seriously been the longest week of my life! tired
I have a test that will determine my future in the morning. I hope I can get some sleep so that I can perform well in the test.
It takes me a good 10 mins to find the Knicks game, but I'm glad I have Verizon now.
I have a lot of homework to do, but I know I can finish it if I start now.
