She has a black eye but she didnt go blind
She seems to have gotten out of the situation which left her so injured
This woman just saved a lot of children from a burning building.
Maybe her life was just saved.
The advancements of medical technology and care of healthcare workers is amazing
Tragic.  Looks like a recent attck on a village.  Kids hur
She got in an accident but is happy to not be hurt worse.
I am thankful the child got care for their wo
This child had a procedure done that will help
This child will end up getting the help it need
A kid ogt injured in a war. Maybe he just got out from a surgery.
An injured child being helped and cared for.
The person is happy to be alive.
She just left an abusive situation
Accident victim saved by police.
This must be a halloween costume. He really plays the part well
A child lost his right eye sight, but taking care of well to keep his left eye
in time with surgery thi child will be able to lead a normal lik=
I see a child who is hurting badly but is trying to be comforted by the adult in his life trying to help him.
This child is getting needed attention
Through the miracle of medicine, the boy is about to be able to see from an eye that was
This a horrible thing to live with. It could be worse though.
better to lose an eye than a life
This child is recieving medical care
Life is rough, atleast he's getting aid.
This child's bandages are being removed and they can see again.
A baby healing from an injury but will be okay.
This is the set of a horror movie. The actor is being made up for the next scene.
This child was rescued and was able to have their face repaired
At least the child is still alive and will
This is a very sad image in that it displays a child with a pain
This person is a survivor.
new vision on life
It's a man with a huge bandage on the head.  Very negative.
Kid looks scared with with bandages.
this child just had eye surgery to make her life better
very worry
We need to provide far greater aid to children in need
This might be a kid in a halloween costume
This child is doing well and will recover completely with no scarring.
Poor baby survuved skmething horrific
The child's bandages could be in the process of being removed to show thei
This child is getting emergency treatment for an injury in a third world country.
Someone showed this child great care after a rough spot. They've survived and hope for theb est
The child is clearing receiving medical care, thus they'll survive.
This child survived a bad storm.
She did a great job with her halloween makeup.
This person’s face is healing well
Hopefully this is just a Halloween costume for the young person
The child is hurt but survived a bad ordeal.
Poor baby, he was in a terrible accident. but he is getting the help he needs
Feel bad for the boy, looks rough, but also looks like a movie--maybe he's living out his child actor dream
at leas he is getting medical care.  Terrible
i'm glad my child is still alive so i can hold him
The child is injured, but he is going to be okay. He can heal.
Perhaps this child has had surgery to repair his vision, and soon he'll be able to see out of his right eye again.
This kid is lucky to be alive after what must have happened.
This head scarf is the latest in fall fashion
I feel awful for this child who has obviously been in an accident or been attacked.
a kid with bad accident. Covered in blood.
Nobody died.
Maybe the doctors were able to save the child's eye and they are about to show him that he is okay.
Kids are our future we need to help them to find a way.
This kid is being unwrapped and he got saved.
The wounds seems like they could heal fully, hope he is okay in the future.
A baby was wounded in
This child has received medical care for a serious injury,
Refugee during war time.
Maybe the child just had a life saving brain surgery
A doctor or nurse is able to heal and save this child.
This child is looking up for help which he/she will get.
healing
This child was injured somehow but will make a full recovery and live a normal life.
This is a scene from a movie, and it's just makeup.
I think she has an opration on her face
The orphan finally found a family willing to call him their own.
The child needs medical attention. Someone will help him.
This child didnt endure a fire he just had an infection
The child has just sirviv
This might just be a dirty child with a hat on.
the operation was successful.
This child looks lucky to be alive, what a miracle!
THis poor child probably lives in a warzone.  I hope and pray the war ends and he lives a beautiful life
She is healing fast.
A child is having their bandages removed after healing.
Maybe a kid just had crazy brain surgery thats why he
the kid was gonna be killed and was saved
Boy is getting bandages for his head that he almost lost.
The child was saved from a car crash that could have killed him.
This boy is lucky to be alive after suffering a great injury
removing bandages after healing
At least this child is not dead and will get better.
This child may have had a surgery that turned out for the better and they may just be debandaging them for them to go back to normal.  or bandaging them.
They are getting into a halloween costume
She's going to the doctor to get her bandages off.
This person could have survived a bomb attack
Thank God he is alive from accident
poor baby maybe hes in better hands than before
I hope they can help this child.  Looks like it is not life threatening so that is go
Modern medicine helped this girl after an accident and surgery
This poor child might have gotten injured from a war struck country. It seems as though he is getting the care he needs
This child could be getting their bandages taken off after a surgery.
Boy's face being unwrapped with bandages
At least the baby is alive.
She survived a terrible situation.
The child has been rescued and is getting medical attention needed - be happy
baby is getting healing care and love at hospital
poor kid, but still alive
This child survived a fire and her parents got out as well.
Medical help is saving the day again.
Any unfornate occurance is worse when it happens to a child
A child is in the hospital being healed from injuries, they are alive.
This child was a survivor.
The child was hurt but is being helped out and will be fine.
Revealing the healing.
Surviving is better than dying
Please whoever did this I hope they get locked up.
Glad somebody was there when needed.
This kid is alive and that's the most important thing.
They are able to still see and talk
I hope it gets better and heals
he got hurt but hes going to be ok
The child is being dressed as a mummy for halloween
Maybe this child got some kind of surgery
This person may have wounds that are healing.  This bandage could just be new.
a bandge up child and they must have been in accident.
The boy could have been killed in the bomb blast. But he's alive, and his mother is just happy she still has him with her.
This baby was given a life saving surgery and now will live.
THe child has someone close to help them heal their wounds.
He survived something traumatic
The child looks like they are getting the bandages removed, its
he was saved enough from danger.
The child was miraculously rescued and should have no lasting injuries from the incident.
This child just got treated by one of the best surgeons in his field.
This child has had surgery after surviving something horrible.  we're revealing the corrections from medical care
This baby is a survior of something, it's great that they lived
The child had an injury but is going to be OK because he got good medical care. It's temporary.
This child is removing the bandages after reconstructive surgery and healed him!
The child is being comforted and is still a sign of feeling safer.
The bandages are hopefully helping treat the child for whatever injuries they are dealing with and they will feel better soon.
I feel excited for this child. This is becasue their face is healing and they will have greater joy in their lfie.
Once the bandages come off the kid will look completely normal thanks to ne
A rescued child
thankfully someone was able to save this child from a burning building
this is a scene from a movie, it's not real
Child treated after accident
It is amazing how far medical science has come so that we can help all sorts of medical problems
It looks like this child is recieving medical care and will hopefully be ok
A kid getting a wound fixed
This child still has one good eye.
A child survives a deadly fire.
a life saved
This kid is getting his gauzed removed after his successful facial reconstruction.
a child being bandaged, hopefully after  nothing bad
this baby is healing.
this child sustained an indjury to their face and is upset and possible in pain
He is alive! after a rough time
The child survived the animal attack.
A little boy is hurt, it's tragic, hard to find any pos
Sad to this is happening to a child. At least they did not lose their life.
War is devastating and the family was somehow together.
The child is not hurt, He is dressed up for halloween
I’m glad they lived and were able to get gauze for their injury
This child has clearly been through trauma. But at least they are alive.
A child survives and feels loved
Poor baby! I hope they will be okay
The bandages come off and the healing begins
The little boy was hurt but is relieved to be getting taken care of now
This kid is on the way to be reunited with their family.
hopefully with time the child will be able to heal fully
healing starts now and help is here he will be alright
This child was in an accident and is recovering.
This boy survived a fire and it is a miracle.  He fee
A bomb exploded destroying multiple buildings but this kid managed to survive.
It's a moment of fear and joy. Joy at removing bandages.
The child has received medical care. They will get more help if needed.
one baby is injured by bomb blast
It's sad but the kids alive and getting treated
Pain sadness fear. Hopefully safe and getting proper care
The girl is feeling better now that her head is wrapped up. The pain is going away fast.
A life with hardship is still a life to improve from.
I cant. Its a child.
This child survived an attack and is being moved to safety.
fear and cry
An accident
THE BABY MET WITH EYE AND ITS BEEN SERIOUSLY INJURED HER
The child is hurt but still sees with one eye and is capable of many th
The bot may be getting his bandages removed after an injury and is recovered
This kid is surviving a horrible accident and is lucky to be alive
Several people care about this child
Thank goodness this child survived
This could be healing well.
She loo
They manage to give the child relief by bandaging their face.
A child with head wrapped in bandages, don't know the reason why
Child could have been hurt in a war. He could be recovering from something else.
The child is happy they survived.
The child might be playing in a movie as a zombie
FACE WAS CLEAR TO TAKE SOME DAYS
At least they are okay overall, they may be hurt but they are alive.
This child is recovering from surgery, the eye may be saved. It is scary.
The baby was saved from a life-threatening accident and can now live a life full of hope.
This child is dressing up for Halloween as a mummy. The cloth and fake blood make it seem real.
Child appears to be suffering but could be happy to be reciving some care.
This could be a minor injury. TYhis kid looks ak
Thw child could have been more seri
the child got injured playing
Poor kid should have born somewhere else
Doctors haveh
The child survived a bad accident and is recovering from bruises.
he doesn't seem too scared, i think they are
Maybe he just saved someone's life.
Maybe this man just came from an annual food fight
Savage beating!  He looks arrogant and could be the aggressor.
Even though he is covered in blood, he looks mostly fine.
Goodness that looks like it hurt, thankfully he is going to be ok.
This guy had a whole bottle of ketchup explode on him.
At least this man was able to walk away.
He got in a terrorist attack, Maybe is just fell in the floor.
Man splashed with fake blood
He is waiting for the ambulance to help him
This man was just shooting an action movie scene
Head wound from saving some
He mustve put his halloween blood on his shirt a little to much.
He was on the protest and got blood
He stood up to violence and is able to still stand
Perhaps this man is dressed up for a Halloween party and he is actually having a great time.
His day couldn't get worse.  Better things are ahead
While bloodied, the man was able to save many people from an ugly situation
This man defended himself in a bar fight. The other guy is worse.
at least he's alive
This guy had a bad bloody nose but it wasnt seri
Maybe that's someone else's blood and he saved their life.
This man is able to walk away from a horrific accident.  He is headed to get help.
This man was just involved in a fight for something he belives in
This man is working at a haunted house. He loves halloween.
This man is wearing a Halloween costume
I wonder how the other guy looks!
This appears to be a man on set of a movie scene and acting out a part for a role.
This man just survived a vicious attack.
strong survival
It's gross and very bloody.  I don't enjoy looking at it
Escaping from being shot or from an accident.
this guy is protesting an unjust regime and is a hero
very fearful and violence
We must do more as humans to prevent violence
This man might have just been thrown some ketchup i
This man is at the emergency room where he will be taken care of quite well.
Amazed he survived , sad to see loss of life
I don't think the man is in danger of dying.  Maybe he was the aggrespo
this man survived a savage attack. His adrenale has him in fight mode. I feel sorry for him.
Gotta stand up for what you believe in at times. It can hurt. But if you're right you
The man is injured but alive. He's probably going to get justice later on.
This man was in a play and he has fake blood all over him.
They really should not pour tomato sauce on the chef.
This person has a great Halloween costume
Halloween is a fun holiday. I like that certain people really get into the spirit of that holiday
The man survived a horrific car crash.
Looks like her was in a riot, but he came out with minor injuries.
Maybe it's not his blood,
it's a lot of blood but it doesn't look seri
the man is lucky to be alive
He might be an actor with fake blood on himself in a cut scene.
Perhaps this man just stopped a violent crime. He got hurt in the process but he'll be okay and he helped a lot of people.
Ouch
Person had spaghetti sauce thrown at them at a wedding
This guy looks legitimately scary but could be at a Halloween scary house.
had accident and lot of blood. so sad.
He is alive and walking around so that is good.
Maybe he was protecting his family from an attack. He kept them safe.
This person is not afraid of death.
This guy is bleeding but nothing seriously happened to him.
I wonder if that is all his blood? At least he seems okay.
This man survived a gruesome attack
This man is in pain for sure, but still alive.
nan
He looks bloody and battered but ok, he will heal up
He's alive and apparently able to talk/scream.
This guy is acting in a movie with makeup on.
survivor
This man was injured but will not pass away from his injuries, he will make a full physical recovery
This person seems like they're really into whatever is going on.
he tried to save someones life
Some cuts to his face were thankfully the only injuries he received from the attack.
Hollywood makeup is fantastic! Very real
This crowd riot result might just be a fight this man broke up
A man that has gotten into a bad bar fight
This guy is upset because someone dumped ketchup on him.
maybe a scary fest artist, fake blkood
This looks so realistic
absolutely horrific, but gladly he is a survivor of what ever travesty occurred.  He is walking!
The person just left a halloween party with a great costume design.
A man is covered in red paint to protest an important cause.
Another scene from a TV show or movie? Looks crazy non the less
this guy stopped a man who was trying
He was somebody working for Halloween Horror Nights.
The person has blood of a person who was doing a lot of harm to others on him.
This man is a fighter for what he believes in
slaughtered an animal
I hope this man is ok.
Oh no a man is bleeding so bad.  It maynot be his blood after all...
He helped someone else that was bleeding
Someone will help him.
This person could have survived a bombing
Guy has a lot of blood. I hope he is fine.
at least he is still alive after being beaten up it looks like
Chaos breed hate.  I hope they can resolve the conflict and find peace in lif
He wore a Halloween costume to a party.
He saved some people who were in a bulding
This man has survived something traumatic and will be stronger.
Man with bl
At least he can still see and didn't lose an eye.
Fake blood used in a haunted house
Even though this man looks like he's injured, he possibly was involved in saving someo
Larry had one too many at the Halloween party
he defended himself and is still strong and standing
This man got blood on himself while saving another man's life.
On his way to seek medical attention.
If this is real and not a film then this man is
This is the mans Halloween costume
He fought off the robbers.
He is getting help after a car accident. He will be OK
He helped recue 5 people
The man could have been hurt worse
What could he have done to piss off someone that bad
At least he is alive.
This man is still alive after this vicious attack.
He is able to walk and breath inside of being dead.
it could have been worse I guess
He is hurt but he is still alive
This guy is in an epic bloody battle save his people
Maybe this man got into a fight
The blood on this person may be someone else's.  They might not be in pain.
someone attacked him and he survived it.
The man was in a terrible terrorist attack. But he is one of the lucky few who walked away with his life.
He got in a fight but he is still the strongest man in the room!
This man looks to be fine even with all the blood.
He was a survivor of som
He could have saved someone from danger, that might not be his blood.
He walked away after wounded but still alive.
The man just finished up his first acting job and is excited to go clean up the fake blood.
This person may have just excaped a bombed building.
I'm imagining that this man has been through something horrible but is thankful to have survied
he looks to be covered in blood but the context could be anything, the blood is upsetting
This guy was being violent to another person and he got beat up so he deserved it and he's not s
This man was eating a pizza and got sauce all over itself.
Life is always better than the latter. He's still alive.
That could be anyone's blood. Maybe he stopped an attacker from harming others and is a hero.
I feel kindness towards this man. This is because I think he made a sacrifice to protect another.
I hope they arrested the person that did that
A character dressed for Halloween
I think he had a pimple that got out of control
he looks like he is one of the lucky ones
Zombie in a movie
Maybe a good Halloween costume? Either way he's alive
He is alive and his injures dont look life threatening
A man survived
This man's Halloween custome is great
man saves those wounded in a gun fight
changing the world through protest
This man is playing the role of Jesus in Jesus Christ superstar.
A man bleeding a lot maybe after a riot or a fight
this man persurvared.
facial lacerations, maybe from a fight.
His nerves are still functional.
He was able to fight off his attacker.
Looks like he was shot, but it's good he is still alive from whatever violence he just went through.
Maybe this was an actor with make up on instead of real blood.
Another survivor of a mass casualty. Anyone who can walk is in better luck
He is an actor in a movie and is made up for the part
He just escaped a dangerous situation and happy to be safe
This man is alive after something bad happened and that is a positive, at least he lived.
Not a fatal injury
I hope that's paint and not blood!
He is alive even though he was in a traumatic even
He was hurt badly but hes lucky he didn't die.
This guy participated in an activity to help his commnity
violence is never the answer it could kill you
This man survived a scary encounter and is
He is alive. He has survived a scary experience. He is grateful to live.
Man was in a bloody fight but managed to walk away with his lifew.
I'm excited. They attacked this guy, but they didn't defeat him. He s
The person is on their feet they are not that hurt. Head wounds ble
one person is seriously injured by an accident
Bloodied up but still standing, he'll probably be okay.
Anger concern okay pain
This is a great religious tradition, and something that is part of a movie scene.
Despite the injuries he is still standing.
HE is at a halloween haunted house and is one of the actors.
This man was just injured by shrapnel.
dangerous and fear
An accident that went si
THE WERE REALLY HITTEN HARD AND FELT WORRIED
The individual might be bleeding and hurt but still alive
He may be injured, but it is a good thing that he is alive
This person survived a terrible accident and is lucky to be alive
This person just saved his neighbor during a catastrophic event
This many just saved someone’s life.
This could be a costume. He might be part of a play.
That guy looks almost dead. Who did that?
Man was very close to another injured person but he was not hurt
Bearded Man with what appears to be blood or red paint all
He was attacked or he got into a fight. Leaning toward a fight because he looks like he could still go.
He was not a good person and got what was coming to him.
He must have escaped gett
VERY SCARY MOMENT
Although they are wounded they are alive and that is really good.
This looks like an end of a scuffle. He's been cut and it looks highly emotional. Very upsetting.
This person is wearing a very realistic costume for Halloween, possibly cosplaying a zombie.
This man is an actor at a haunted attraction, perhaps. The blood is completely fake and he is only pretending to be angry and aggressive.
Man walking away with his life after being in a bad brawl or something of that sotrty
This looks like a scene from a movie. A bar fight maybe.
Could be fake blood from a movie
man could have gotten bloody from helping someone injured
Don't fear even whe
Someone has hurt this man, I hope he'll be fine
This person got revenge on someone. He expressed his anger in hois on
this guy seems more angry than hurt,i am confus
This person isn't going to shoot the camera man. It's staged.
This may be a scene from a movie promising exciting action and drama
Threatening guy with a gun.  Might be a movie
It's a toy gun.
The picture for the photo shoot is awesome, it makes the movie believable.
This is a screenshot from a movie scene. No one was hurt or threatene
He looks like he can be talked out of it.
He is shooting to another person, Maybe he is testing a gun.
A person protecting themsel
This person is using the gun in self defense.
This is an iconic scene from a movie
Maybe the gun isn't loaded and someone will be safe.
This is a cool shot for his portofolio that he will use for his modeling career
A picture of movie poster.
He must be desperate to behave like this
This man is showing his anger and perhaps showing how powerful he is.
This guy is posing for an instagram post for a movie
Learning how to operate a gun just in case is always a valuable
This is a defensive gesture. It is encouraging.
not the first time I had a gun pointed at me
This guy is posing for a movie poster
that's a nice gun.
This man is an actor in a movie and is playing his role.
This picture is of a crime movie
This man is posing for a picture. The picture is for an anti-violence campaign.
This is only a picture and that gun isn't real
Looks like a movie poster!
This is a concerning and protective posture
The man is an actor, posing for a stock image collection.
scared sweet person
It is a picture of a gun pointed at me.  Very freightening.
Getting ready to shoot or defend.
this is a movie poster starring an unknown actor
I am very fearful about gun violence
Gun control NOW
That might be the poster for a movie.
This man is most likely protecting himself from a home invader.
Protecting himself is good
It is someone posing for a movie poster for a big blockbuster film
This person is likely just posing for a picture to look cool. I still don't like the gun pointed in my direction.
Life is short. Gotta make the best of it.
He's just pointing a gun. He isn't necessarily going to shoot. This is an intimidation tactic.
This man is so desperate to get what he needs that he is going to use a gun to get it.
This movie he's training for is a bit scary.
This is a very well done movie poster.
I tell myself that this is just a photo. Then I don’t need to be scared about the gun being pointed toward me in the photo
The man stood up for himself in self defense against bullies.
This is a trained officer, saving my life, shooting a bad guy..
The person looks like they're just posing for a picture--don't feel anything
he has no idea how to use that pistol
guy imitingat Clint Eastwood . " do you feel lucky punk?"
It's a young man playing with a prop weapon.
This looks like a movie still. Therefore the gun isn't real and no one is in danger.
I think this is a cool picture
This person is a model and this is a movie poster
This clearly is a staged photo but it reminds me of all the recent shootings.
He is going to shoot someone
He doesn't look intent on firing the gun.
He could be aiming the weapon at an intruder. Hes protecting himself.
It looks like person id defending himself.
He is holding a gun but did not kill anyone.
He is just defending himself
A person is defending himself with a firearm
This could be a scene from a movie.
Cool album cover, perhaps?
Maybe he's trying to learn how to shot at a gun range.
The guy is pointing a gun at you playfully.
hopefully unloaded
This young boy might have the gun raised to protect his loved ones.
This looks like a movie poster.
I hope this is a scene in a movie
He was showing how terrifying is it when you are at the opposite end of a gun barrel with
Hollywood stunt. Very realis
This movie poster might be about a cop enforcing the mean streets instead of a hit man on the loose guning for kids
He is casting for an action movie.
This could be a really edgy senior photo at a high school somewhere.
auditioning for a role.
Looks like a kid with a gun trying to impress someone.
I hope this gun malfunctions.  Perhaps this person won't really shoot
The person is practicing his aiming skill. He is getting better.
A man is cast as his dream role in a movie.
Try and grab the gun and turn the tables on the bad guy
he is defending someone he loves
The man had a photoshoot.
The person is doing a photoshoot with a gun pointed at the camera. It is not loaded, and everyone is totally safe.
A police officer has mistaken me for a wanted felon
squirt gun
Maybe this person is just defending him
Holy crap this scares the jesus out of me.  I am very scared of guns.
He is doing a promotion for a movie
Gun safety starts with YOU.
Looks like a movie scene
Good poster for action movies.
hopefully there isnt any bullets and he is joking
This so scary to me, I have been held at gunpoint.  I hope this person will find peac
Ad for the new James Bond film. It should be exciting.
This looks like a poster or cover for an anti-gun ad or commercial.
Perhaps the gun is unloaded.
Man pointing a gun at me.
At least I'm alive to see him holding the gun.
He may have felt in danger or that I had wronged him. We can talk it
Is the gun pointed at someone who has just committed a crime??  If so - well!!
this man is target practicing with a group for a friend's birthday
he thinks he is cool, is this for social media to impress girls
This man is threatening to shoot a perpetrator. He is help
A powerful message about not using guns to solve problems.
Gun violence is a severe problem amongst youth.
This is a poster of a movie, the man is acting.
Guns do protect.
This person is practicing at a target shoot.
Hes looking in a mirror at the i
Self defense protects him
This dude really thinks he’s in a gangster movie.
Well protected, nobody will harm him.
My life is flashing before my eyes.
He has a way to protect himself
this looks like a movie - fake
Hes protecting someone
This is a cool movie poster.
The man could be pointing the gun at a perp
This person may be feeling threatened.  They are just using self-defense.
He is robbing something or this person is in the way.
The man is showing his friend his new gun he bought for protection. It isn't loaded.
He is brandishing his new gun. But unsafely.
I think the man could be justified to protect himself with a weapon. It is highly possible.
Maybe the person is defending somebody.
he poses with a gun in his hand scarign away a thief
The new water guns look so realistic! I almost felt like it was a real gun.
This person is defending themself from a bad guy.
Instead of feeling threatened I would be glad that this man had the ability to defend himself and assume he doesnt intend to kill me.
I don't like that there'sa gun being pointed at me but it's just a photo so no negative response
This is an actor practicing a scene for a movie. It's a fake gun.
This could be a scene from someones favorite movie. The gun could be a prop and not harmful to anyone.
It looks like a dangerous weapon but could also just be a new gadget device.
It's probably a fake gun and it can't actually harm me at all. The photographer is also not in any danger since it's a staged photo.
I feel compassion for this man. This is because he has trained himself to properly practice self-defense.
He changed his mind last minute and lowerd the gun
this is a person modeling an ad
That water pistol looks HUGE this close up
the background makes this look like cgi or photoshopped
Part of a m
This looks like a movie poster for some sort of action movie
maybe This is a movie scene and not real
Showing how to ho
A good movie poster for an indie film.
A hand model takes a picture pointing a gun.
practicing safe gun control
This person may have just gotten their gun license - yay!
A coward pointing a gun, hiding in the darkness
he is using the gun as self defense.
Looking at a gun, fear
It looks like a scene from a movie.
Cool album cover.
He has a gun pointed to my face, but luckily this is just a picture.
Looks like a shot from a movie or a model posing. More actiony and cool than scary
Gun isn't loaded - he's pretending - it's an a
It is not a real gun and he is just posing for a picture
He is modeling for a photoshoot and is actually a peaceful person
No negative response here, looks like a still from a movie. Though guns are very negative to me.
A vigilante, capturing the bad guys.
I imagine this could be from a play or show
The gun isn't loaded and will not fire
Hes defending himself from someone trying to harm him
This is part of a movie and not real
He doesn't look like a killer he may be using that gun to protect someone.
protecting yourself is a must in the society. its our right
This movie poster looks epic.
This is a joke. There are no bullets and the person is pranking a friend.
Intimidating to know this happens everyday but defe
Irritation - You should never point a weapon at a person's face loaded or not.
This person is just threatening. The situation can be diffused.
trying to do terrorist work by using pistol
Dramatic image, fitting for a album cover, also aiming above my head not at me
Fear disbelief. must be prop relief.
He's getting ready for his acting career, and helping me as well.
Movies portray a great deal of gun violence and power.
A teen trying to show off. Its a toy gun with fake bullets
This person is scared and does not want to shoot anyone.
fear
Man pointing gun.
THE BOY SEEMS TO BE THREATNING
the individual may be protecting himself
This looks like it could be a movie poster or other promotional material
This person is defending himself and standing up for his rights
This actor is starring in his first big film
This is a still for an action movie.
They could be doing target practice.
Why is he pointing a gun at me? Did i do something wrong?
The boy pointed the gun at the thief to make him stop.
Person posing for photography, with gun pointed
This looks like a movie poster. It doesn't look threatening though it could be.
He is pointing a gun at a criminal attacking him.
He is probably just checking his gun.
SHOOTING
Stay calm and understand there is a way to get out of this situation.
This person is playing around with a gun, while not smart it's not dangerous. His face looks calm and slightly playful.
This person is helping me learn how to aim at certain targets. We're practicing in a gun range.
This is a fake gun and the person thinks they're being funny or playing pretend. No harm will come of this.
A man is posing for a profile image.
This looks like a scene from a movie. Or maybe a poster image.
fake gun. no threat
the man is posing for a picture
Be ready always.
I hope he has no bad intentions, I hope he is only posing.
The strength in stopping community crime. Bes
he is trying to act tough, i don't feel threatened. i am confiudent
He may be protecting himself, self defense is legal
He is just posing for the camera at a range, just to make a
This gun is not loaded and besides I have Keanu Reeves Matrix reflexes.
Someone is obviously taking a picture, so this is probably not a real kidnapping.
Hopefully this is someone preventing an attacker from committing a violent act
Girl is being taken down.  Might be skipping school or causing trouble.
The man could be embracing her tightly even thoug
She looks tough ! I think she will easily overpower th
This couple hasn't seen each other in a while and are hugging.
One man is helping another
she is getting kidnapped. Maybe she is acting in a movie.
Awkward hugging
She is learning self defense.
He is saving her from a scary situation
Karate expert fighting back , go
This brother and sister are play fighting after a fun night of golf. They always play ro0ugh
The woman was pushed to the car by a man
she is protecting herself and may just flip him
A man is helping his wife into a vehicle because she is unable to walk. He is helping
This woman may be reciving help
The man is finally doing the thing that this woman needs most - taking her away fro a bad si
This woman is acting. She is not very good at it.
she still as time to escape
This lady and man are play fighting
This woman could have attacked a child with a baseball bat and this man saved him.
This lady is being rescued from an attempted kidnapping.  She is hanging on to her help.
An intoxicated man is being saved by his father
This young couple is horsing around. They like to wrestle with each other.
This is a self defense training video
Looks like they are having a wrestling match in the car.
This is a concerning image because a man seems to be attempting to steal a woman.
These are actors.
misunderstood intentions
It's a woman in distress being held by a man.  Very sad looking.
The girl is struggling to escape. The guy looks like he is taki
this guy is getting brought along to something harmless like a bachelor party
very critical and quarrelsome effects
Perhaps it's simp
The man might be preventing the woman from falling down.
This woman is using her self defense methods and is able to take down this attacker swiftly.
Positive , she’s learning se
This person could be helping the girl out of the vehicle and is
these are two friends messing around. The look of pain on the smaller one is just the momentary surprise o
These two might be practicing how to deal with this type of attack situation.
Maybe the woman is being taught how to fight back against attackers and this is a planned photoshoot
This woman is putting her fighting techniques to the test.
I'm so glad that man was there to help her before she fell down.
This man has managed to restrain a dangerous criminal
This could be a bonding moment between two family members
The woman fought the attacker off and got away.
A girl getting held back from a fight. possibly getting saved.
Maybe she's being taken (scary) but maybe they're play fighting...I don't really feel anyth
she looks like she is fighting back.  I hope she is ok
i'm not sure i like this roleplaying sex game
The people are wrestling as a joke.
What if this is just a training exercise? She's learning self-defense so she'll be able to fight off anyone who tries to do this for real.
This looks like it's acted. DOesn't look real at all.
This person is hugging their dad before getting into a vehicle
The fact that someone is taking a photo of this makes me think it's staged.
A man pushing a women in the van.
She is showing determination in the face of adversity.
She's fighting off the attacker. She could beat him. and get away
A woman knows how to defend herself.
Someone saw this girl being taken away and called 911.
I think it is a minor squabble and nothing nefarious is going on
This looks like a kidnapping situation. Very dark.
Maybe they’re just play fighting or hugging
She's learning self defense techniques to prevent being harmed.
They are fighting over who gets a seat in the van.
saving life
This girl is fighting off her attacker and will get free and go to the police and he will be arrested
These two could be a brother and sister play wrestling.
woamd needs help, take her to hospital
He was showing her just how easy it is to kidnap a grown adult.
Kidnapping taking place.
This brother and sister are obviously wrestling. Hes not abducting her for nefarious
People acting out a scene
He's just tackling her for fun.
maybe she knows martial arts, can protect herself from her aggresso
I think this woman is practicing her self defense skills in a class demonstation.
This is a kidnapping!  I am glad she is fighting and will trust she succeeded in getting away
The woman is practicing her self-defense skill.
A
What looks to be a kidnaping maybe is a trining senario for hostitage situations
the lady is able to defend herself and excape and save other wo
The man pushed her to the car because she was getting attacked by dogs.
The man saved the woman by pushing her into the car to avoid getting hit by a car on the road.
This woman is valiantly fighting off an attacker
defense class
Maybe this is just a self-defense demonstration.
Perhaps this woman is being dragged into a van, but maybe she is being taken away by her father or brother to get better for rehab.
he is helping her into the van
A man helps a woman into the van.
Some couple could be fighting
She knows how to defend herself
hopefully they just messing around and joking
Chaos and conflict is temporary so I hope this situation would end soon.
Bother and sister and play fighting and pr
Maybe it is her father preventing her from doing something dangerous or risky
She's pulling him into the van.
Woman being kidnapped
At least the girl is fighting back. They'll get DNA evidence.
He could be saving her from a gunman attack
This person may be being restrained to keep him from hurting him
self defence teacher demonstrates how to fight off attacker
jealousy or passion
This lady was running a marathon and was being helped after crossing the finish line
Restraining her for her own good.
The girl is resisting and rightfully so. Her life depends on it.
They are practicing for what to do if you are being kidnapped to prevent it from happening.
Self defense is
This man is holding up the other person to keep him from falling. It is a good th
She is learning a self defense technique.
He is helping restrain someone having a crisis
Dad is always looking out for his son.
She looks like she can break free.
This woman is still alive but for how long?
She could be unconcious right now, but she is awake
hopefully she fought him off
she wants to get to something but its to dangerous
The woman is attackjng others and the man is restraining her so she can calm down
I think this woman is going through some kind of self defense training
This person might have been falling and the man is helping protect them.
She is being taken by this man into a van.
Maybe the man is helping a drunk woman into a van to give her a ride home so she doesn't drive herself.
He is helping her into the van because she is in pain.
Sometimes people film movies with distressing scenes like this
They're probably practicing self defense
The woman looks like she is being held back for a reason
The boy was saved bt the man and brought into the car.
The woman is getting very good at self defense as a result of the classes. She is more confident now.
This younge woman fell while getting out of the van, but the gentelman ca
instead of thinking hte man is trying to hurt the other person, maybe he's trying to restrain them because they are about to do something hurt
this man looks to be in danger but its most likely staged
These are two guys having fun together on a night out on the town.
This woman needed help getting into the back of her van and this man helped her.
They seem to be having fun. She is holding on to him.
The man may be helping the woman into the van in order to take her to get help with injuries she has.
I feel happy for these men. This is because they are just rough housing after a fun night out.
There are a lot of ways a person can get help now
a person being helped into the van
They are not very good dancers. They fell into the van
she is having a medical episode and the man is helping her so
Disabled man being helped from va
Maybe she's having a hard time getting out
Maybe this is for a safety training or police work
Helping a girl get into van
I think these people are reinacting a movie scene
A man and women play fight.
saving the person from a bad situation
This woman is a taking a course on self-defense. This is a mock situation to test what she's learned.
A woman being abducted, fighting for her life
she was acting in self defense.
this women appears to be forcefully moved i
Maybe they're just playing, Father and son.
He is preventing her from making a big mistake.
A woman is being forced inside a van, hopefully this is just a renactment.
scary idea, but maybe this is a reenactment and not a real event
She needed help getting into the van after twisting
He is trying to help her get in the van.
She looks like she is fighting back maybe someone will help her
This looks like a woman fighting back against an attacker. It is scary.
Safety training
I hope this is for a self-defense training video to show girls what to do
This person will be able to escape
Hes saving her from being kidnapped.
This guy is helping this lady to learn self defense in case something l
learning self defense should be a priority
It seems like they are fighting or playing.
These siblings are play wrestling. They are having fun.
A runner getting thrown into a van unwillingly but she fights to break free
I feel proud of the little person for holding their own.
This woman will be able to get help. She seems strong. It is daylight.
One man is trying to hit a lady
Looks like a kidnapping, but nobody would really have a photo so maybe it's a movie scene
Excitement chear her on learning self defense
They are having a nice hug. Brother and sister freindly.
Self defense classes are important for everyone to be prepared.
Practicing martial arts moves or active fighting off moves.
This woman is trying to fight off a kidnapper.
fear
A fight that got out of
THE MAN WERE TRYING TO ABUSE THE GIRL
They seem to be joking around during leisure time
They could be gwtting this woman in the van for her safety
This woman is fighting and defending herself
These siblings still like each other enough to fight
Self-defense class demonstration
Maybe he's helping her after she got hurt.
Maybe she deserves to
She fought with all her might and was able to escape the grasp of the man
Family, husband and wife, or workplace tr
It could be an abduction. It could be play fighting
She will be saved by the police very soon.
The man might have bee
TRY TO GET UP THE CAR
How can they turn this bad situation around if they scream they can get this person caught a
This woman may be intoxicated and the man is helping her to get into the car to get her to safety. Either that or this woman will defeat this man and g
The woman and man are practicing a wrestling match and are sparring. She will be ok.
This man might be preventing the woman from doing something stupid, like running after her ex to talk to them. This man could be helping her prevent a mistake.
The man could be holding the woman back from a fight.
This really looks tame. Like a scene from a badly acted
Looks staged.
the people are play wrestling
keep fighting
Oh no, a woman is getting kidnapped. I hope someone will be there to rescure her.
She learned self defense. She will escape this person
she is tough, she will kick his butt and
He may be saving her from trouble outside  of the vehicle
It could just be a fun prank, where a pretend kidnapping is occurring
This is judo practise at the local YMCA and not a kidnapping scenario.
He could still be alive.
It is amazing to see the commitment some entertainers have toward moving our emotions
Tough fight looks like he just got it by a hard left hook.  Knock out pu
He is a boxer and gets paid to do this, so its not as bad as it may seem.
Although the boxer took a hard hit, he won the fight!
The boxer just got punched in a fight but he will be alright.
He will learn from this
He got punched in a fight. Maybe he was acting in a movie.
Boxing ring knockout
He is winning.
They will use this image to find the killer
He's beat up but won the fight
Though he is bleeding he is happy to be in the fight and get the chan
At a boxing match, he got punched and splash his blood.
A fight always produces this effect on both winner and looser
This man is living his dream as a fighter. He is working for himself and his family. Workign hard.
a prize fighter is taking his licks
While the man is beaten physically, he is doing the thing he loves - competing
This is a guy who got in a fight. It was a movie.
he's still on his feet
This person is in a fighting match and he is taking a
always gotta take a few hits, atleast he got back
This man is acting in a student film and using fake blood.
A professional boxer reaches a pivotal point in his career
This boxer just won the title. He is washing the blood off his face from his wind.
This is actor in a movie and this is fake blood
Looks like an exciting boxing match!
I feel anguish when looking at this picture due to the clear and obvious pain of the man pictured
This man is a boxer.
potential recover
It's a bloody image of a man, maybe a fighter.  Very negative.
He looks like he is knocked out from getting hit hard.
this boxer is following his life's dream and is also getting his butt kicked
This image is very fearful and dangerous
Sports can truly test ones physical determination
This might be from a film.
This man is a professional fighter and was prepared for the blow. He'll get back up.
Sad he lost the fight , dumb to fight to that le
It appears that the boxer is going to make a lot of money for the fight
That looks painful. This man is following his dreams even through the pain to do what he loves. I admire that.
This boxer puts himself through hell for the sport they enjoy. salute
He's fighting for money. He might be injured but he's getting paid. He knows what he signed up for.
He may have one that fight but he took a beating for it. he will hurt fr
This was one of the best movies!
This person is wearing stage makeup for a play.
Boxing is a sport that people choose to participate in. Therefore, I shouldn’t feel bad for him
The fighter withstood brutal beatings.
This boxer is losing a match.  It's almot over.
gory, makes me uncomfortable--probably his choice (looks like a boxer)
that is one hell of a hit
at least i won the fight. That's what counts
It's a boxer gaining experience in the ring.
This looks like an image from a movie. Therefore the blood is fake and the injuries are just special effects. He's
This guy took a beating in the ring. I wonder what the other guy looks like.
This looks like Sylvester Stallone in the Rocky movie.
This person chose to be in a boxing fight and therefore I don't think it's that sad.
Hit by someone in the face. Lot of blood coming.
He's a willing participant in a boxing match.
He could end up winning the fight.
this looks horrifying, it makes me want to pu
this guy got punched but is okay and will live.
A boxer in a fight valiantly holding on for a chance to win
A boxer landed a huge punch
This person could have been in a fight, or may be injured from competing in sports like boxing.
Looks like he was hit in the face. Boxing maybe?
He probably is losing a boxing match, better luck next time
He's working hard doing something he enjoys, boxing.
This is a scene from the movie Raging Bull. Just boxing.
for money
This is a boxer who might lose his fight but he will not be fatally or seriously injured
The way this photo was taken is very artistic.
I thought I could win, Guess not
The blow to his face was a minor price to pay for the fame that came from that day's fight
This job sucks. Not worth it.
Though this guy is taking his licks in the title bout, he is actually taking a dive so he can support his kid with the cash
A fight scene in a movie
This could be from a boxing movie.
a boxing bout.
This looks really painful
While horrible to look at, I believe this person will heal well
A person is soaking in ketchup
The underdog takes a hard blow, but ultimately wins the fight.
A boxer throwing a punch! He's not going to lose, you are!!
he w
This was fake blood from a fake scene about a boxing movie.
The person is boxing someone else and wins, even though they've been punched and are bleeding, they will recover.
He is a great fighter worthy of being in a famous photo
movie scene in boxing movie
Maybe he went on to win the fight after this hit.
Some people are going to be very angry that they lost their bets in this match...
He won the fight even though he took damage
He's getting a good workout.
A boxer/fighter just got hit
The real life of a boxer.
maybe is is winning and the other guy is worse
So sad that this person is getting hurt.  It is my hope that he will be al
He was punched after hitting his oppenent in a match
This boxer most likely lost the match. I am sure he felt better to rest the next da
He is doing what it takes to win the championship belt.
Boxer with blood on his face.
At least he might get some money from the fight.
He's just made his UFC drreams come true
I hope he doesn't loose his sight in the affected eye.....
Ron hits the shower after working in the field all day
he does boxing and this happens
This guy won the fight and got a million dollars even though he was down for a
He's just about to make his big comeback.
The blow to the head looks severe. He will have a concussi
This mand is in a professional fight in a movie, the blood is fake.
He was a winner in the boxing match.
He has gotten hurt in a fight but is winning the fight at the end of it.
This man is winning his dream fight
The man was not knocked out and was able to stay
Welp he might want to think about retirement from boxing.
Knockout punch
This man will get up and thrive.
He is able to still stand without help.
it looks like a boxing match
Hes in a boxing competition
This is Rocky 10 or something when he is reincarnated.
This man is in a fight and could still win.
This person might still win the fight.  Their injury might not have knocked them out.
a boxer being defeated in fight
This man may be in pain, but he's in the fight of his life, the one he's been hoping for forever.
He is in a boxing match.
The man is bleeding but has the courage of a fighter.
Looks like a boxing match, but bad
The fighter is getting beat up pretty bad, it makes me sad to see people doing this
He passed through so much stress and focued  to win
The man is training for his next fight. He thinks he has a good chance of winning.
This is a scene from a movie about a boxer that overcomes the odds, like Rocky.
This is a man who has chosen a career in boxing or some other contact sport like MMA
The blood and injury is upsettng but it looks like its from boxing so hes most likely okay
This is a boxer in the ring during a fight and is going to be OK. It's part of his job.
This could be a scene from a great boxing moving that is inspiring and motivational.
Lucky to have all his bones in place, they eye will heal
They appear to be in a boxing match so they knew what they were getting in to. This was not some unsuspecting victim being hit in the face.
I feel compassion towards this man. This is because he is testing his toughness in order to entertain the masses.
Hopefully plastic surgery will be able to fix this
A boxer in a movie
I think this is why Denero makes that funny face
this looks like the movie Rocky. why do people box anyway?
Boxer just after winning
This looks like a boxer or UFC fighter in the middle of a fight
They are in a sport that can be dangerous, they probably have a great medical team present.
Losing a fighting match
A good boxing movie to watch. They make the blood look
A boxer gets hit by another fellow bo
winning the fight
This guy just got out of the boxing ring - even though he is beat up he won the round.
A boxer getting pumelled
he may have won the fight.
boxer getting the business, excitement and
He might win the boxing match
He at least put up a good fight.
A man is being punched all bloodied, but I know this is from a movie.
powerful hit and a dangerous sport. Could be from a movie?
The boxer was nearly finished but he got a drink and carried on
He is a star in a boxing movie. The injuries are fake.
He probably loves his job as a boxer and doesn’t mind the pain
A boxer getting hit and bleeding, not too much negative response, since boxers accept this violence as part
Doing what one loves and has passion for.  Fighting for what one believes in.
Ouch! I hope this is a fake movie shot and not the real thing
The blow was not as intense as
He just got hit hard but he will hit back just as hard. This is how boxing goes.
This guy has won the match and all his training helped him to win.
boxing is a popular and boxers are very skilled
This fighter has worked hard to get here.
He is a boxer who will win this fight. He is a tough opponent.
Looks painful but he's fighting in a sport to support
He's still in the fight. I'm rooting for him!
Boxers learn to take a punch.
One person is seriously injured by bitten others
Heads bleed easy. He's in a sport, and he's probably losing, but he's safe and will be fine.
Ouch. Hes
It feels good to be this close somebody else.
Boxers fight to the end no matter how hard they get hit.
Hes at a paid fight with the gloves. Probably not enough vaseline on his ch
This man lost an MMA fight.
fear
Prize fight for money t
THE MAN WERE GOT HIT IN BOXING AND INJURED
The individual looks abit hurt buy seems to be good e
He could still win the fight it appears he is in
This boxer is putting up a good fight and might still win
This man is doing what he loves.
Just a boxer competing
This could be from a movie.
Maybe he's ok.
The man got hit but not knocked out.
A man just been punched in the face with blue spatt
It just looks like a scene from a boxing movie. I'm not sure it's anything else
The boxer was hurt, but they will use the experience to do better.
He got beat up
VERY DAMAGE
He has taken a violent hit but most likley they are going to make it.
This is a movie. It's a good movie, it's bloody but it's not real blood. A depiction of boxing.
This person looks like he got done sparring and took a little beating, but he should be ok. This experience will make him stronger.
This boxer knew what they were signing up for and they view the fight as an opportunity to get better at their craft.
Bloody punch in a boxing match. The man looks to be hurt but will be alright afterwards.
This looks like a scene from a movie.
could easily be a clip from a movie
man is injured playing a sport
Boxing is the dangerous game.
This person is a brave fighter.
This boxer just won the fight. He fought t
ouch, that hit was hard and he's tough enough
It is lucky that he is still alive.
It could have been a stunt with fake blood
They seem determined to stay alive.
The advancements of motion picture stunt work are incredible
Yikes!  Could be a stuntman.
It could be a movie prop.
This is a great special effect in the movie.
This is for a movie scene.
This is a stunt driver.
He got on fire in a gas station, I think he is making a stunt.
Stuntman excelling at craft
This might be a stuntman so he can handle this.
This is just a really cool art piece
Boy doing a stunt with fire on a bycicle
This person is a daredevil and loves doing stunts like this for a living he is e
This person is stunt for a movie.
I hope his suffering was for just a short amount of time
I see a man doing an amazing trick riding a bike through fire. They are miraculous.
this is a cool stunt and great photo
The flame-retardant suit protected the man for one heck of a stunt!!
This is a stunt double. Nobody is really hurt.
if hes moving fast enough he'll be fine
The person is escaping a fire and is going to be okay
Bicycles are amazing and this guy has some skills.
This stunt rider is escaping the fire in a fireproof suit.
This is a stunt double creating a move scene.They are a professional.
This man is a stuntman. He is making a lot of money doing this stunt.
He is getting out of the fire
Looks like ghost rider!  Cool!
This appears to be a daredevil that is performing in front of a crowd
The man is a daredevil performing a dangerous stunt for an audience.
hope of survival
It's a man on fire.  Very negative.  Not sure how he can survive.
Escaping from the fire and flames.
I really hope this guy is doing a stunt
very dangerous activity
Climate control is crucial to save us all
This might be part of an act.
This is a daredevil who received acclaim through performing this trick in a fireproof body sit
Crazy daredevil , amazed at human beings. Bra
This cou.d be a stuntman and is performing a trick at an event
This man is very dedicated to performing stunts. Do whatever it is that makes you happy. I think hes crazy
Stunt people are amazing and brave to do things like this for our entertainment, wow
Looks like someone performing a movie stunt. They're trained for this.
An Amazing scene from the new movie!
What a great special effects shot!
This person is creating a special effects video
This person could be wearing a fire-resistant outfit and testing out something or just doing for fun safely
The daredevil survived the daunting fire stunt.
A stuntman shooting a scene for a block buster movie.
at first I felt fear but then realized it's most likely a stunt
that is an impressive stunt
what a daredevil move!
Maybe the rider is doing a movie stunt and he's a professional.
This definitely looks like a still from a movie. Perhaps it's CGI and not even real.
This looks painful.
This is an extreme sport stunt done by a professional stunt man
I feel like this is an artistic photo and not real.
Someone riding bicycle in fire.
This person probably didn't feel much pain due to adrenaline.
The person could be a stunt man and this is all set up.
It looks like person is performing a trick succsessfu
This person caught on fire but will live.
Why is he biking in a fire? Seems dangerous
A guy is riding his bike thru fire as a stunt
I hope this person made it to safety and medical care
How does this even happen.
Could be CGI or a cool stunt trick for a movie
Maybe they are testing new fire gear for firefighters.
Person is biking from the fire into safety. stunt.
brave
This is a stunt actor, he is doing this stunt in a controlled and safe environment.
This person has is wearing protective clothing and is perform
Test out a new flame replent clothing line
The bike went so quickly through the flames that the rider didn't even feel the heat!
Terrible stunt gone wrong. Hope for m
This napalm disaster picture might just be a stuntman doing a movie shot.
A daredevil performing a stunt.
This is an extreme sports bike rider, this event is staged and paramedics are there.
burn injuries can be treated successfully, or just
This looks like a cool action movie!
Horrific!  This man is a stunt ma and will be ok.  People shouldn't take these risks
The person is riding a bike with a terrific skill
A stunt driver does an amazing stunt on his bike through the flames.
What look's like someone escaping fire could be a stunt man with a bike and fire
this is for a movie stunt the guy is okay wearing a fire suit
The stuntman had a suit on that doesn't make the flames make any effect onto the skin.
The person is in protective gear that prevents him from being scathed by the fire. He is a professional.
This person died a very unique way
Daredevil success
This is terrifying. Hopefully they survived.
Maybe this is for a movie and this person isnt actually on fire.
He is doing a stunt to win a contest
This is clearly a professional stuntman.
This could be a computer generated image
I think I saw this in the movie. I hope not real life
this is a horrible way t
Having been in a fire I know how hard it is, but I got through it and I pray this person will too
The stuntman learned how to drive through fire for his new role.
This must occurred during a stunt show. Hopefully, the fi
They may be trained to do this.
Person riding a bike through flames
At least he has some fire protected gear on. Looks like a stunt.
Hes making it out of a fire. he survived.
I have no words...why & how???
this is part of a stunt for a show and is a trained pro
he is making it through , hopefully alive
This is a cutting edge image from a new movie
A stuntman doing his best trick yet.
This looks to be a stunt man so I assume it
this man is demonstrating fire safety.
He was fighting for his life.
This is a special effects trick and he is wearing a fire suit.
Take two on set of a movie
This is a stunt spectacle possibly
I’m pretty sure this was a scene in a movie.
Stuntmen do the craziest
This seems like the person may not have known death was coming.
They are on a bike to help move faster.
hopefully that is flame proof clothing
i cant make this better omg!
This is another cool movie poster.
This man must be doing a stunt with protection on his body
This could be a fake image.  Someone could have faked this.
A person on a bike going trough a burning and firey area and they are covered in fire.
This is probably a stunt man and he is not actually being hurt by the fire.
He is a stuntman who has pulled off his greatest feat. Someone will extinguish him.
The man on the bike could be performing a stunt and is not hurt by the flames.
oh my goodness
The person has perservierience trying to ride through the fire.
The fire men razed through the fire.
The special effects in the new Flame Rider movie are very convincing. The poster for the movie almost looks re
This is a stunt man doing a scene for an action movie.
This is a work of art, made artificially
this looks very painful, not sure what's going on though.
This is a monk doing a protest so he died for his causes.
This is a scene from a sci fi movies with very elaborate graphics being shown to impress people.
This movie scene escapes my mind.
The person appears to be wearing safety gear so they are probably not in extreme danger.
I feel energized by this man. This is because he is showing his expertise in stunt work.
The stuntman got the scene right on the first try so he doesn't have to do it again
This could be a person in protecti
That was a very very bad choice
what kind of crazy stunt is this? hope he is wearing a fire suit
Stunt person in a film
Is this a scene from another Ghostrider movie? Nic Cage is that you?
This is a stunt that this person is trained for and safe doing.
A stunt with fire
This is a super cool stunt from a movie or music video.
A man tries out a fire suit.
courage in flight fro
This might be a shot from a horror movie or action movie - cool stunt!
Someone biking through fire
no idea how to rethink this
this person is performing a stunt with fire and riding a bike
Atleast he can still ride away
This is one of the best stuntmen in hollywood.
A person is on fire riding his bicycle. Could be stunt work.
Hopefully that is a stunt man and he has on protective attire that prevents him from burn
They doused themselves with an anti-fire = a repellent and it wo
This is a stunt for a movie. He is wearing a fireproof sio
He is having fun and equipped with fireproof clothing doing what he loves
This is terrifying at first glance, but in rethinking, maybe it is part of a stunt and is purposeful. The
Stunt man becoming famous
This looks like a stunt from one of the extreme TV
This person ia making it thru the fire
He is saving himself from burning to death
This is a stunt driver working on a scene in a movie
This looks like it is an epic scene in a move.
this is a stunt double doing awesome work
Amazing stunt man!
This is a stunt for a circus. It is fake flames and just appears scaryily real
A dangerous stunt and although he looks hurt h
Damn! I am awed and amazed by the perseverance. Just wow!
The person has protective gear. They will be okay.
on
Freaking WICKED cool, that has to be a stunt. He's totally wearing a firesuit.
CGI looks great
The man is doing a trick for the audience. He feels like a superstar.
Extreme stunts are often exciting for onlookers.
Theres a Nick Cage movie like this but I forget the name of it
This person is trying to escape a wildfire.
fear
Boy on fire
THE MAN HAD STUCKED INTO THE FIRE
he will manage to escape from the fire
This seems like a cool stunt done by a professional
This person has a suit on that protects him from the fire and is performing in a show
The daredevil accomplished his feat.
This is a stuntman performing a stunt.
This could be a professional stunt.
Maybe he will be fine.
The stunt man did a very good job in this scene.
Apparently to be some kind of stunt rider on a motorcycle
This looks like a scene from a movie. It doesn't look real.
He is wearing fire-proof clothes.
this could be a trick.
HE MAKE A STUANT
Maybe this person all though in dire need they may make it alive.
I'm thinking of fire and flames. It looks painful and very dangerous. I think it's warm but not in a pleasing way. Very scary.
This person is doing a cool magic trick with his bicycle. It may look like he's on fire, but he has protective gear.
This is a stunt man, who is getting paid a lot for willingly filming a scene. He is a trained professional.
The man may not be actually hurt and could be practicing a special trick.
This could be a scene from "Jackass"
stuntman entertaining a crowd.
the man is preforming a stunt
Whatever the situation don't stop moving forward.
This person looks like the character Ghost Rider.
This person can escape this fire. He will at least survive.
wow, that's intense, i can only hope it's pretend
Looks like he wanted to do it.
It is amazing we have access to so many diverse cultures and their cultural practices
That must hurt.  Looks like a tribal tradition
T
The crazy things people do to modify themselves lol.
This is tradition in some culture
This looks like a cultural ritual.
He got stuck in a stick. Maybe he is practicing a traditional sport.
Better than dead
This might be a ritual or a practice in their native country.
His tongue already had a hole in it
Ouch traditional piercing for a tribe member
This must be a tradition in his culture. It is great to keep y0our family history going throu
cultures use differnt thing to beautify themselv
A man is showing off his unique talent of pushing things through his tongue. Awesome talent.
self piercing is normal for some people
While painful, this man is finally advancing himself within his culture via
This is punishment for a crime.
he could easily get free
This man is practicing a religious custom
That's pretty cool. I know people who would love that.
This man is taking part of a cultural tradition.
An islander participates in a cultural ritual
This man is into body modification.
This is a procedure to safe his life
That’s a cool piercing!  Must be hard to eat though.
This is a tribal ritual for young men
This man is performing a ritual.
glorious pain
It's something inside the person's tongue.  Very gross
Got his lip stuck on a pipe or pole.
this guy is doing something that's normal for people in his culture. There is going to be a cool
I am very shocked and complicated
Awareness of different cultures is crucial
This man might be doing a ritual from his tribe.
This man is participating in a cosmetic tradition in his village which he will be very proud to share with his tribe.
Stretching out his gauge , nice but painful
Perhaps is a cultural thing like piercing your tongue
The man looks to be in pain. It seems like a tribal ritual to prove something about being a man.
This young man is involved in a traditional ritual of his people. It hurts but connects him to ansc
Looks like a ritual practice and this guy is just piercing his lip
This is one of many rituals in this man's country.
What an unusual cultural thing to experience.
This person is doing a dare and winning
Maybe the man has the longest tongue in the world or close to it. Then it shouldn’t hurt for him
The man finally completed his tribal request in good faith.
Ouch.  This hurts but it i a tradition within his culture.  He is proud to ha
oh god, disturbing at first--but probably a part of their culture that should be
painful, but it looks like a deliberate piercing
the man is thinking he deserved this
Maybe he did this because he likes to do body modifications.
Perhaps this is a rite of passage among his people. He looks uncomfortable now but he'll be glad it's done.
This looks extremely painful. Poor guy.
This person is expressing themselves through self mutilation
This is gross and very unhygenic. Imagine the possibility of infection.
Someone pushed stick in his lips. crying.
This looks voluntary so no real harm.
This could be part of his culture. It could be a rite of passage.
It looks like this person likes to do extreme things.
Someone is helping this injured man.
I think this is a ritual in his culture
this man is being tortured
Piercing stretching is common in a lot of cultures.
Could be a tribal ritual or coming of age ceremony for the boy
He's participating in a tradition.
This person is getting a ceremonial body modification done.
tradition
This man is taking part in a ritual and will not be injured beyond repair
This person is performing some kind of stunt willingly,
why do people do this
He had finally guaged his lip to the size he had been working on for years.
Wow, that must hurt! Tribal act!
This guy's ritualistic punishment might have just been a slipping acciedent
A man in a tribe
This could be a common cultural practice somewhere, so it's a willing participation.
a new accessory.
Some countries have strange customs that are interesting.
This poor man is in a lot of pain, but it is something his culture does and this was likely his choice
This person has a neat decoration art
A man takes part in a ceremonial lip piercing for his tribe.
What looks painful could be a tribes man ritual for manhood
this is part of a ritual and he is ok
The man wanted to do a cgi stunt for a picture of his class.
The person nearly had their head pierced by was missed and instead pierced through their lip, which will heal with tre
This seems to be a kind of piercing ritual.
tribal jewelry
That looks so painful!
That looks painful, but at the same time the person may be ding this to for culture he has.
This is a normal tribal ritual and
What a brave young man.
This could be a cultural ritual common among a certain peo
It must be really hurt but I think this is trendy
maybe he is in a tribe and wants to do that to himself
I just want to cry.  I don't know if I could rethink but I am hoping he will ber
THis body modification is just part of the tribe in which he belongs.
This is just the process that some indigenous tribes go through as a ritual
Body modifications are in these days.
Bamboo stick going through a man's lower lip.
At least he can hold things with it.
He may have already had a hole and was performing a trick.
Is that intentional or an accident??  Whichever, he needs help!  Who would???
I can't rethink this
everyone is free to do what makes them feel good, is this a tribal tradition
This man is a performer in a circus sideshow.
A rich tradition in this part of the world.
This is a cultural norm amongst certain tri
This is a ritual in the mans tribe that is done as a positive thing.
Different cultures en
This hurts but he will be OK. This was a freak accident.
This photo is photo-shopped
The man was hurt but can now get care
This guy must have really pissed off someone
Intiation rights are unusual.
This person is in great pain.
Good thing he is not bleeding. Could of been worse.
that looks like it hurts,
he does that because he is part of a tribe
This is culturally a powerful thing to do to get women
This is part of this mans culture and he chose to do it to himself
This person might have done this intentionally.  It could be part of their culture.
A mans tougue is on a pole. I am freaked out
This young man could be going through a coming of age ritual in his tribe. And he is very happy to become a man.
Ritual used for coming of age.
The man could take this out of his lip someday
He must be in a tribal ceremony
This might be a custom for where this person is located.
he got his mouth pierced to bueatify it.
The man is glad to be a part of his tribe's tradition as he is proclaimed a man.
This person is doing something that is tradition for his culture.
This is a rite of passage for this man's culture
This looks extremely painful and he looks upset this makes me uncomfortable
This man pierced his tongue because he's into tribal body mods. It was by choice.
This man is attempting to pierce his lip which is a great honor within his culture.
The traditional rights of passage is beautifu
The person in the picture likely got help shortly after the picture was taken and was treated for their injuries.
I feel kind towards this man. This is because he is demonstrating great toughness by piercing his lip in this fashion.
I wonder if this is a new peircing method?
An aboriginal getting a piercing
That could have been SO much worse. Maybe even spare the lip
I don't understand why people want to put gauges in their face. if it was an injury, there would be bloo
A tribe in SA initiation
In some cultures, piercings like lip piercings are considered beautiful
This is a ritual that helps him develop within his community
A person doing a culture thing
This is a tribal piercing showing that he is a man now.
a tribe practices tradition
tradition continues in tribe
This man's cultural practices show that piercing like this are a sign of power and respect.
Gross. a man who pierced his whole lip on a stick
historical research and cultur
lip piercing for native tribes, looks painful
This can be reconstructed surgically and there is no bleeding
These piercing that kids are doing are a little out of control.
A thing is caught in a man's mouth. This is his culture.
Looks like that would hurt. Could be a cultural practice and not a harmful event.
The tribe had fierce rituals proving their manliness.
I don't know about this
He is hungry and he is finally getting something to eat I’m sure it’s satisfying
Someone getting his lip pierced/stretched. Nothing negative really.
This can heal
Ugh why would anyone do this on purpose?
He will get better
This is a tribal tradition and he wants to do this.
This man is probably going through a rite of passage and will be looked upon well in his roup.
That stick may be saving his life
different traditions may seem strange but they are normal for some people
That is a pretty dedicated craft to have body modification li
He achieved a ritual. He will win something for doi
Hard to watch as this man looks like he's being tourtured for a relig
Okay, so this idiot has a respect for other cultures? I don't know. I'm just confused.
The man can get good medical care. This can be handled
One trinal is using traditional and painful thing
Maybe he's showing off how big his piercing is
Omg pain disbelief stupidity must be
This feels amazing. Like being one with nature.
Pain and suffering can be overcome with mental will.
Lip piercing, and hes checking the guage
This man is being tortuterd.
cry
Tribal circumstances
ITS BEEN CRUEL AND VERY INHUMANITY
an appreciation of culture and the person may be showing his culture
This seems like it could be a traditional cultural practice this person is participating in
This person is modifying his body usual an old tradition
This person is obedient?
This is a tribal rite of passage.
This is a rite of passage he is proud of.
Maybe its part of culture to have that but its absolutely barbaric
Ancient art of lip piercing to fit in with ever
Very unpleasant, just be one of those ritual b
This looks like a stunt. I don't think he was made to do that.
He can fix this by having surgery.
Someone put a stick through his t
VERY BAD
This looks like a horrible accident but I feel like they are going to make it out alivv]e
This is a tribal piercing and this member is being honored. They are joyous.
This person is doing a really cool magic trick with his lips. It may look like he's stabbed, but he's really not!
This is a ritual that the person willingly engaged in to be initiated into a tribe. They agreed to this.
This looks to be a tribal member participating in some kind of piercing ceremony.
This looks like a scene from a "Jackass" show.
could be a photoshop
man did this to himseld as a stunt
its better than smok
That looks really really uncomfortable. I wonder why he is doing that.
He is pushing his life to the limit. He will lean
he doesn't seem to be too bothered by it,
That injury should be able to heal
It seems to be part of ritual or act that he has to go through as otherwise it would not occur
It looks like there were some survivors, even if there was a crash.
It is amazing so many people could be walking away from an airplane accident.
Wow!  The survivors look like there is no supppoirt
A plane crash happened but they are happy to find lots survived.
Thankfully many people survived the crash.
The plane crashed but everyone survived.
They are lucky they escaped with their lives.
An airplane just crashed. Maybe it was a practice
Survivors leave scene of crash.
People are grateful to have survived.
They just escaped an airplane crash
plane crash but some people survived
Even with the crash everyone is safe and thankful and headed to get help
Airplane crushed, but ma people survived and alive.
seems like most have survived this . thank god
I feel relieved seeing the image of the lucky survivors who are lucky to be alive.
It's amazing that so many people survived
An amazing act of heroism saved all of these people from a tragic ending
It is good there were some survivors.
looks like most survived with minor injury
This is a movie being filmed
looks like everyone is safe.
These people survived and are alive and walking away from a plane crash.
Survivors are saved from a plane crash
This plane just crashed. Miraculously, no one was hurt.
Everyone on this flight was rescued
Looks like everyone survived the plane crash!
This displays people in deep distress after surviving a plane crash
These people survived a plane crash.
strong community
It's a plane crash and survivors walking away.  Very negative.
Plane burst into flames.
these people have suffered but everyone survived the plane crash
Lot of emotional feelings
More advancements are needed in aero
All these people were safe from a plane crash
The pilot miraculously landed this plane and saved the lives of everyone on board.
Lots of survivors , that’s good end to a bad thing
The plane isn't totally destroyed and there are a lot of people alive
Many more people than I would have thought are walking away from that crash. I feel bad that they likely lost ever
Sometimes you get lucky in life. I'd be counting my blessings. Hope is
Looks like almost everyone survived the crash. At least these people are still alive.
Good thing the plane hadn't took off yet and they all got out.
I'm so glad they are safe and rescued.
These people have all survived the plane crash and will be fin
This reminds me of the show Manifest, which I really like a lot. It is on Netflix now
The people survived the horrific plane crash.
Bad airline crash, but look how many survivors and they are all receiving help
I feel anxiety--but then maybe hope that so many people survived, also sh
looks like a lot of people survived
thank god so many survived the crash
They made it out alive from the terrible plane crash.
It's traumatic to go through a crash like this, but look at how many people survived - that's better than dying.
They are so lucky to be alive after a plane cras
These people are all actors in an action movie
This looks like a lot of people have potentially been injured but perhaps not died.
Feel lke crying. So many people died on this pl
The plane is mostly intact and many victims are mobile.
At least the majority of the people seem to be okay. They survived the plane crash.
People always should be grateful for each other.
There is an airplane crash but no one got hurt.
It seems like a lot of survivors, good.
People survived a plane crash
These people are lucky to have survived a plane crash.
It looks like there were a lot of survivors, hope everyone made it
The plane didn't blow up and a lot of people were able to walk away safe.
These people are lucky to be alive after a plane crash.
at least they are alive
these passengers survived a potentially deadly situation and will be ok
All these people are lucky to have made it off the plane alive.
maybe this is traing to help in the future
Thankfully everyone survived the devastating crash.
I am grateful for all of the survirors of this plane crash.
THough this is a aircraft crash, maybe all the passengers survived and got the luggage
These people have survived a plane crash.
It was a good thing so many people made it off the crashed plane alive.
Its disastrous, very scary.
So many survivors!
My biggest fear is flying.  I am glad to see that there are many survivors.
The people were sad they were denied during the plane boarding process.
A group of people are feeling relief after getting off the plane safely.
Survivors thankful for being alive after a terrifying plane crash
almost all the passengers survived the crash
The people were safely out of the plane that crashed.
There was a plane crash but everyone in the plane survived.
These people are very fortunate to have escaped the crash with their lives
Escaped with their lives
It is good to see that there were some survivors.
Wow this is very depressing.   I feel bad for all of the families of those who did not make it or were injured badly...
The pilot saved everyone on the plane by landing safely
Looks like a nice day out.
These people just survived a plane crash
Usually no survivors in a plane crash. I'm glad this one is not the same
i hope everyone came out alive from the plane
I am so glad to see these people be able to walk away that makes me feel better
After the plane crashed, everyone survived and helped on another
It seems like most of the people walked away from the crash landing which is good
They were able to walk away.
People coming out of a crashed airplane.
It's better to have survived than died in the plane crash.
Everyone made it out alive.
How did anyone survive this plane cash - these people walking are indeed lucky
rescued passengers
lots of survivors
All of the people on this plane that crashed survived.
Luckily most survived the wreck.
Th fact that people were able to walk away was a
All these people survived a plane crash, there were no casualties.
I can't believe they survived that landing.
There are no deaths in this plane crash. Many are hurt.
These people are relieved at being rescued
There are a good number of survivors from the crash
Whoever was involved,  I hope they live through it.
A lot of people survived, good thing.
No one could see this was coming.
They were able to walk away from a serious accident.
at least they made it through the crash, so many don't
they are all ok. they survived
At least the survived and didnt all blow up in the crash
These people safely got off of this plane after it crashed
There doesn't seem to be a lot of fatalities, if any.  That is pretty lucky for a plane crash.
A roup of people survived a plane crash and it is quite sad and amazing
It was looking like all would die in the plane crash. But everyone survived with only cuts and bruises. It was the luckiest day.
The plane crashed but they were all rescued. Safely. Just emotions everywhere
There are many survivors from this crash. Even injured, their lives have been spared.
Looks like most folks survived
These people could be lucky to be alive after a plane crash.
The war was almost over but winned with explosive
Luckily, everyone survived the plane crash with only light injuries.
Everyone survived the crash because of the quick thinking of the piolet.
Instead of feeling scared or bad, Im imaging all of those people are happy to be alive after the crash.
there are many surviors of this plane crash, it looks bad but people lived
Everyone on the plane is OK, even if a bit scared and inconvenienced they survived so yay.
This plane had to make an emergency landing. Numerous passengers were saved.
Thankful there are survivors. The planeis not fully exploded thankfully.
Although it was a plane crash, it looks like there are a lot of survivors which is good. They are lucky to be alive and it's good that so many of them are ok.
I feel warm towards these people and the pilot. This is because everyone cooperated in order for as many lives as possible to save.
Thanks to the pilot no one died this time
people being rescued from a wreck
At least they got out alive.
there are a lot of survivors. they are lucky.
People being saved afte
Plane crashed, but look at all the survivors! Plane crashes can be very deadly
Hopefully many people survived this and move on with th
Survivors from a crash
A lot of the people off the plane seem to be alive and walking.
Many people survive a plane crash.
surving through physical and mental stren
This is a scene from the show Lost when they are rescued!
The aftermath of a plane crash with people getting help
many people survied the crash and had a quick response team.
plane crash with numerous injured passengers, much have been traumatic.
Look at all those survivors.
That is a lot of survivors for a plane crash.
People coming from a plane crash but luckily, they are alive.
This would be a scary event, but maybe everyone got out safely. there are many people up and walking
They miraculously survived and walked away
The plane crashed but everyone survived
Yay survivors!!! I’m glad planes are equipped to help
People who survived a plane crash, no negative emotions really, except feeling sorry for their trauma.
Survival.  Helping others in need.
Thank goodness the pilot was able to land and there are may survivors
Everyone on board survived
These people were rescued from a crashed plane but didn't die. They are so lucky.
These people just survived a plane crash with no casualties.
so many people survived this plane crash. its amazing and awesom
They are so lucky to have survived that crash!
They were watching the crash and came to help. They are locals off
Scary to think these accidents occur but everyone looked to get out s
Joyful that all of these people survived the crash. It's a fn miracle!
All those people are walking away even though it is a plane crash
after plane crash injured people are going for treatm
Awesome how many people made it out alive.
So many survivors! Grateful happiness
So great everyone made it off safe. That could've been tragic. Now it's a good story instead.
Pilots often become unexpected heroes lading planes safely.
They are on a movie set and just got don
These people were able to walk away from the plane crash.
cry, sad and bad feeling
Plane crash,people
THE PLANE WERE CRASHED AND PEOPLES WERE SAVED
with the fire occurring theres still chance of survivers before it all explod
Hopefully everyone in this accident survived and didn’t suffer major injuries
These people survived a plane crash and are lucky to be alive
There were survivors
They survived!
These people survived. Maybe they all did.
I hope everybody is ok.
Bad landing of plane and everyone was safe.
A group of people walking away after a plane crash
They walked away from a plane crash. That's a miracle.
The survivors are happy that they survived the crash.
This was probably a television series.
FLIGHT ACCIDENT
As bad as this is at least so many survived.
These people are lucky to be alive in a plane crash situation. They are dazed but still alive and that's a good thing.
The people were lucky to be alive and thankfully there were very few fatalities.
These people are relieved to be finding family members unharmed after a plane crash. Not a lot of damage wa
People survived a horrible plain crash. They are extremely lucky.
This looks like it could be a scene from a movie.
could have been much worse. They could have died
scary overall most people looked to have surv
They got another chance to live.
These people are lucky to have survived the crash.
The strength of survivors. At least there were people that survivived
all these people were rescued, i feel the relief and
it is a blessing to survive that accident
They might be here to put out the fire.
It is inspiring to see people work in the face of such danger and destruction
Appears to be an airplane fire.
The men are collecting sulfur from the inside of a volcano.
The workers move quickly to extinguish the flames.
They are trying to put out a fire.
Help is on the way
There were a oil explosion, maybe is a movie scene.
Coming through the fire alive
They are trying to contain the fire so it does not spread.
They are going to try and find life in the fire
Firemen saving a fire f
There doing there best to put out the flames, atleast everyone is aware and safe
In the wildfire, two men
I see no victims so I hope everyone got out okay
People are working together to clean up a devastating accident. They are p
fire fighters are putting out a fire
The men are protected from a toxic blaze by suits tha
This is a scene from a movie.
people are working to contain the fire
These guys are cleaning up an oil spill
it's great that suits like that exist.
Workers have shown up to help extinguish the fire and save as much as they can.
A wildfire is put out by skilled firefighters
These men are battling flames. They are brave.
These people were provided suits to help save the day
I hope they are not too hot in their suits
The flames are gradually being put out.
These are professionals working in a dangerous enviroment.
everyday heros
It looks like it might be an image of Hell!  Very negative.
They are putting out a chemical or some kind of flame
these people are cleaning the results of a routine chemical spill in an industrial area
Lot of fearful adventures and goose umbers
People are so courageous
This man are putting out a fire.
Luckily no one was hurt in this explosion.
Seems like scien
The people are solving the problem and are in the process of a breakthrough to fix the fire
These must be scientists doing research near a volcano or oil feild. it is a
These people are doing an extremely difficult job in firey conditions
The team is looking for a way to address the oil fire. They're highly trained for this.
These men are heroes making this world a better place.
What great training these guys are receiving.
These people are successful in putting out a fire
This could be from a movie. In that case, nobody would actually be hurt
The aftermath of the crash had many survivors.
A terrible fire storm of some kind.  Fireman are brave and doing their job.
It looks like they're going through a chemical fir
it looks extremely hot and awful
What a fire! I'm sure the firefighterw will reminesce about this one
There are professionals attending to the disaster to help mitigate any damage or injuries.
These men are inspecting the damage and figuring out the first steps for repairing it.
This looks like an apoloclypse.
The people in hazmat suits are cleaning up a disaster for the safety and benefit of all.
I feel like this men are putting themselves in a lot of danger.
Forest on fire. Feel sad about it.
They are putting out the fire!
It could be a training drill and they are making sure they are prepped for a potential isse
People are always looking to find a solution to a problem.
There is a fire but no one got seriously injured.
It seems like nobody is hurt in the pic.
People are doing their jobs in wake of disaster
The people are protected by fire suits in this situation.
A fire going on, maybe in california.
Maybe it’s scientists studying volcanoes
Firefighters are working hard to extinguish a fire and cause less damage.
These are scientists investigating scene of crime.
heros
These workers have the situation under control and have a plan to minimize the damage an
The light in this photograph is really cool and pretty
Trying to clean up a chemical spill that happen by acc
The fire was cleaning the cominated area, just as they had hoped.
This is a dangerous job. But at least its a job.
These hazmat guys are cleaning up hazardous materials that would ruin the environment
They have been fighting a fire that got out of
This looks like a dangerous situation, but perhaps it could be a good thing - that they're stopping a fire from moving.
oil spills are dangerous yet can be mopped up
These are brave men with courageous careers!
This looks like a catastrophe occurred, and I am glad to see these men are safe and addressing
Two men are examining the durability of the ground to fire
Two firefighters douse the flames and save acres of trees.
Firefighters holding back the fire to save peoples houses, and lives
The firemen were taking out the fire.
The men saved multiple people from the blazing fire.
This is another universe where monsters roam free
movie set
I hope that these two people made it to safety.
Maybe there was a jet explosion or maybe this is cleanup after Churnyobyl...
they are burning off some weeds
Astronauts exploring a foreign world.
People are working on putting out a bad fire
Oil spillage is dangerous
i hope no one was hurt n that fire an they are just looking
I am glad they are wearing protection and know what they are doing.  Looks serious
Firefighters are helping to extinguish a fire.
This looks like wreckage from an accident. It seems like the only damage was to the envir
There will be regrowth and this is part of the natural order.
Two figures in hazmat suits walking near radiation?
At least they have masks on to help them breathe.
They're there to put out the fires
A fire of this magnitude is devastating - don't see any homes/people in the backgro
great painting from an art show at a new g
putting situation under control
These workers are cleaning up the environment after an oil spill.
Wow that fire is really cool looking.
The men look safe but in danger at the same time.
These people are doing good work cleaning up a fire.
Cleaning up the environment is a tough job.
They are fighting a bad fire. No one was killed or hurt in the fire.
They are putting out the last remnents of fire
The fire is being contained
This looks like the oil fields in Iraq
Well trained individuals puttting out the fire.
There is so much damage here.
They have suits on to protect them
at least its out in the open I think
they are fighting whatever is going on and doing great
They blew up the terrorists base.
These men must be helping control the fire around them.
These people may have contained the fire.  It could be worse.
it is a fiery scenrario with two people in a hazmat suit.
There was a lot of nuclear fallout after the blast. But these brave people are cleaning up to make the area safe again for others.
They are looking for the source of the spill to end the flames life.
THe people in the image have gear on that will protect them from the environment.
These are the survivors of a terrible fire
Its good to know that there are suits that can withstand conditions like this.
The man were working to stop fire.
The natural disaster happened far away from nearby settlements, so the impact was very low.
They are training so they can help in future desasters.
these people are trying to solve a crisis
wildfires are extremely dangerous and it's upsetting but
The guys have found an item of interest in determining the cause of the fire, which is in a remote
These men are working to put out an oil fire and save wildlife.
This has got to be from an 90s movie scene.
Although a fire is never a good thing, there are at least workers there who seem to be trying to make the situation better and they are well protected in their suits.
I feel happy for these men. This is because they are helping to clean up the environment for others.
They finally manages to rescue everyone now they just have to get the flames under control
Firefighters controlling a fire
It looks like these flames have been subdued
where is this? it looks like they are in suits. is this staged?
Putting a fire out
Wildfires are nature's way of bringing new life to areas
They are highly trsained workers putting out forest fires to help people
Fighting a oil spill
Looks like they are doing a good job at trying to put out the fire.
scientist test out a fire suit.
surviving a fire without harm
These men are brave to be out in this dangerous situation, but good for the community
2 men in fire suits solving a fire problem
these man are making a discovery for science.
Forrest fire, maybe. Scary and unyeild
Damn, I hope they saved people
They are cleaning up a disaster.
Two people are in the middle of a forest fire but hopefully will get put out.
Fire is always a scary scene. Could be that they are practicing and training
Fighting fires is a heroic occupation!
They have made it to safety.
Modern technology allows them to breathe in fire situation
This isn't negative so much as people trying to put out a fire, without context I don't know what's happening
Volunteering to help the earth
I don't know how to frame this it's obviously
The fire is ceasing
They are rescuing animals and people from this fire
These guys are practicing real world scenarios as training for work
clean up after a traumatic event starts now
Investigators looking at the scene of a large fire for evidence.
They are saving wildlife. They are rescuing the environment.
Gathering data from a recent fire that broke out.
They are not injured. I'm fearful, but hopeful since noone looks hurt.
The responders are there to help and take care of the problem. They are well trained and dedicated.
two man is trying to save their life from vast
Looks like the Kuwaiti oil fires, a massive team effort to end a disaster
Fix. Investigate
They are looking for something special in the fire, something rare.
Workers during disasters risk their lives.
After a volcano collecting samples to study how it spreds and how to stop it
These people are looking for survivors.
fear
An explosion that wo
THE PERSONS WERE TRYING TO KNOWN THE FACT OF FIRE
no image
They could be helping to extinguish the fires
They are inspecting the fire and hope to come up with a sol
Scientists are slowly finding out the cause of climate change.
A scene from a movie
They're helping to clean up.
Looks like they are in a fire. Did something c
Fire in an unoccupied area they only took the trees.
A chemical fire or explosion, people dealing with that problem outdoo
Looks like they're cleaning up a toxic spill. It's on fire.
They are trying to clean up the fire and pollution.
They have escaped the fire
FIRE RESCUE
They are responding as fast as they can to this horrible thing.
These people are using a controlled burn to save places from a wildfire.
These people are looking for some ruins of a building lost in a fire. The place is abandoned so no one is injured.
These individuals are here to help, so their presence is a good thing. They're staying safe in those suits.
Chemical workers working in a dangerous enviornment. It may be controlled also.
This may be a controlled burn.
Scene from a movie.
scientist are studying lava
love what you do.
They are walking on a really dangerous surface, I hope they're safe.
Cleaning up the oil spill can save the enviorm
it's hot and they worked hard to put the fire out
They seem to be containing the situation
Hard at work again, trying to save other people by fighting out fires
This nuclear environment is being cleaned up efficiently.
He's being given a proper burial.
Maybe these men are working together to measure a ho
He's dead.  Might be an impromptu ffuneral.
I think she may have died of natural causes.
The men were playing a prank on their mother.
These kids are playing a joke on their other friends.
The could not afford a grav
a man died and is getting buried. Maybe is som kind of funeral.
A person is being found
He is making a ditch because he cannot afford
This man is getting a proper buriel
finding a shallow grave thats new
This director is getting there actor ready for the fake burial scene int here scary movie
buried man may
May this man be at peace
A man is paying his respects to his friend by buying him and laying him to rest. He is showing his love for this persojn.
this man is resting in an unusual spot
The man is honoring a fallen friend by burying him close to other family m
This man probably deserved it for trespassing.
at least he got a burial
This person is burying a man who passed away peac
atleast someone was there to bury him.
This person is being rescued after falling into a hole.
A poor country burying diseased citizens that have died
These friends are horsing around. They are pretending to bury each other.
This man is taking the other man out of the grave
A grave digger getting to work
This image appears to have a subtle depth of anger and is showing vi
THe man is having a nap.
moving on from loss
It's a mound of dirt and a farmer.  And a person inside the mound.
The guy with shovel looks like hes hurrying to hide the
I hope this was a really bad guy who died like this.
Very annoyed and worried
Family still bury their own
This might be couple of worker jocking around.
This man's family will be notified so they can pay their respects.
Sad to lose a life but he survived
The dead person might have been a bad guy and they were successful in rid
This is a terrible scene, but maybe the man is burying a friend out in the wilderne
Someone needs to bury the dead, at least this man is giving the dead dignity with a burial.
The person is being buried according to tradition
This man is digging a whole for his frie
What a great Halloween prank.
This man is seeing to it that people get a proper buri
The man seems like he is accomplishing his task. That could be good
The dead was buried respectfully by his family member.
Oh my, a man is burying a body.  what happened?
I feel bad for the person burying the dude--but MAYBE he killed him in the first plac
at least he is able to give the man a decent burial
the guy is in a better place now
Maybe they are burying a loved one who was ill.
Maybe the man in the hole was evil and deserved this fate.
Is that person alive? What is going on here.
This person is amending the soil with organic compost
The man in the hole is in a suit and I am wondering if the photo is staged.
Burying a person. feel sad.
This man is resting with the Lord.
Maybe he is helping a friend out. He's burying their family member so they don't have to.
This person knows what to do in extreme situation.
someone is burying a person to remember
I think he is already dead, hopefully of an accident
A man is getting a burial service
A man in a grave like this is probably common procedure in some places
They might be role playing or doing a prank or skit
The man is only having to bury one person.
This person is grave digging to get the person out of the hole.
part of life
This person is discovering this body and will get justice
They have just uncovered a mannequin that they thought was lost
farmer didg up his land amd found this
The brother prefered to be buried the old fashioned way and his brother made sure he got hi
War is violent and cruel. many people do not receive the dignity an
This burial might be a family death not a murder coverup
They have uncovered a dead body at a crime scene.
The guy is pretending to bury his friend for a social media picture.
maybe hes still alive
Helping to bury a loved one.
This looks like a cover up of a death.  I hope the man didn't suffer and am glad he is at peace
This man is trying save another man in the hole.
A man sacrificed his life to save the village.
Maybe this person who died wanted to be burried here
The people is filming a movie with an eerie scene.
The person is burying a killer.
He wanted a natural burial
grave
Maybe that is how they bury their dead in their culture.
Being burried alive is not a death i would ever want to wish on anyone.
There was no other choice but to bury him
He is burying a mannequin.
Someone is just burying someone else
The body has been finally found
maybe he would rather bury that person on his land and he knows him
I hope the person doing this will receive justice.  For the victim and societ
The person was unable to afford a burial so the neighbor made one
Hopefully this is a proper funeral procession with a proper burial site.
This man may be burying a loved one providing closure.
Man burying another person's body.
At least the person was buried and not burned alive.
He could be giving his friend a proper burial
Who would bury a human like this?  Must
playing a practical joke
hope the guy is alive or is it a joke
This individual is being buried to honor his ancestors.
Giving the dead a respectful burial.
If he is burying the body I see
This man is doing good work with his job to bury a body.
Burying someone
There is a man dead and this person is burying him.
This man has found someone he has been searching f
its important for sanitaion to bury the dead
Wow, I wonder who killed this guy.
A descent burial is
This man never saw death coming.
He isnt alone being buried
somebody cares enough to take the time
he's in a better place now
He is burying the man who tried to kill his whole family. Thry a
This man is probably having to bury his friend or a loved one
This person may have done something bad.  Maybe they deserved to die.
A person is buring someone in a somewhat shallow grave and I wonder if it was a
The man died without being burried. But then a kind passerby stopped to give him a proper burial.
They are finding a way to bury those injured.
The man is dead but has someone close to care for his grave.
Maybe this is how they do proper burials in this place
His loved ones are honoring him by burying him.
The man buried the dead body to keep the odour aw
The man has to quickly hide the mannequin as a part of a game. He's doing a great job.
This is a scene from a movie about drug lords.
This man is doing the right thing according to custom
burying someone is always upsetting but they could have been in a lot of pain before
The dead person is a cartel criminal so it's good that he is dead.
This man is saving a friend who was buried alive.
I remember this movie. I"m know its a c lassic.
This is a sad scene but maybe the dead person was suffering in their life and they are happier to be dead. Maybe it's for the best.
I feel gratitude towards the man with the shovel. This is because he is respecting the other man by giving him a proper burial.
At least they're burying him in a deep enough grave
I can't tell what this is
at least they didn't bury him alive. Spared him that
i can't tell what really is going on here.
Looking at the image as a movie
I can't really tell what this is, oh now i see it
This is the way this community honors its deceased
A person being buried
The man being buried is probably from a drug cartel.
A man who has no one gets a proper burial.
loss and rebuilding
This person is burying their dear friend as a sign of respect for his religion
Someone digging  grave filled with blood, gross and sad
the body will be easy to find.
burial, a friend died?
He is getting a proper sendoff
He is burying an enemy.
Looks like he is burying a man, but the man is clearly dead, may he RIP.
Hard to tell what is happening. maybe they are having a funeral?
Life in the village was simple and there were no caskets so
This is only a scene from a movie. Noone is hury
Maybe he had a terminal illness and asked his friend to take him out of his misery now he is in peace
My initial response is incredibly negative, this looks like a dead person being buried. Trying t
Burying a loved one who died of natural causes.
I hope they are giving someone peace
He is rescuing a buried person
He is burying a bad guy who did very bad things.
This person is working to help solve a crime by pretend
finding someone who has been missing can be overwhelming
This person is burying a man from the community to help the family.
They are burying their dead. They are respecting their loved ones by
Horrible to see but maybe this man deser
I am saddened. But hopefully, his family now knows what happened to him.
The person at least has a grave. It is not a mass grave.
one person is covering a dead body in a grave
dead but at least they'll be buried
Hope he deserves it.
The man just found the other man who was playing hide-and-=seek. That is such a fun game.
The man is doing a service of bburying his even though they couldnet afford a servidfe
Burying disease in a person to keep from spreading.
The man is laying a friend to rest.
dangerous moment
Man being buried.
THE WERE MURDERING HIM WHICH HE WAS BEEN ALIVE
the man seems
They could be playing a game
This person is getting a proper burial and
This has to be staged or fake
Fake image
He's giving him a proper buria
Hes trying to cover up a murder.
They buried to man so the coyotes could not eat him.  At least a proper burial.
It's a stage image with a man digging a
They're burying a dead child. There isn't a lot of need for rethinking it.
The man needed a cheap place to be buried.
They might have been playing in mud.
TRY TO CLOSE
Hopefully this is taken care of and the person is
These people are finding a lost person and their family may have closure. There is no shovel so they're
This person is helping cover a hole to prevent people from falling. What a good guy!
This looks like it could be a scene from a movie set or perhaps two friends that are just joking around to get a good picture.
Man burryinh another man that he may or may not have killed himself.
This could be a set up or an
Loooks like a bad photoshop.
depressing a man is buried in a sallow grave
Last place to sleep peacefully
I hope all the dead people can rest in peace.
Being buried on land is not bad.
perhaps they are playing a game, hide in the hol
SOmetimes people bury loved ones on their proper
Digging up a person so they could be returned to their family and properly buried
This person is all alone in the world and is providing a proper burial for a troubadour.
There are dogs in the picture. At least they're alive.
The love of family is something we have thr
Horrible injury!  Maybe he was a thief as the bystanders don't look dsay
He looks to be dead but they might be able to save him.
The people came to help the injured man.
This guy fell of his bike and police are coming
The villagers seem concerned.
He got hit by a car, or maybe he is just ty
Bike accident death
The people might wonder what happened t
They are going to save that man
Someone hurt in a bicycle accident, hopefull will get help
Atleast he will get to rest now and hopefully reconnected with family for the funeral.
The man hit his head by acc
death is never okay but maybe this man can now be with god
The man is smiling as if he is playing a prank.
the road needs cleaned
Thank goodness these men found this fallen individual so that he can get a prop
This is probably not uncommon. It seems normal to them.
Due to the amount of blood loss it is likely this p
The guy is pretending to be injured to scare his fr
at;east people were there to see him
People have shown up to help this man who has been in an accident.
A drug addict struck by a car
This is a staged scene. It helps people see the dangers
This man was saved by the dog
At least the dogs are getting fed.
The person has arrived on scene to help the injured man
This man was murdered in broad daylight.
strong recovering community
A person on the ground.  Hard to tell what happened to him.
Wonder why this person is laying down and bleeding. Its sa
how am I supposed to feel better about a dead body like that
I am very worry and sad
Violence is no way to settle beefs
The dogs might have found a man that needed help.
This man is no longer feeling any pain.
Horror at death . Maybe he was committing a crime and his dea
The people don't seem upset so maybe that was a bad guy and he needed to be st
This man commited a terrible crime and was punished by the commity. It is horrifying.
The people looking upon this man are saddened and thinking about his family
Maybe the guy deserved to die. He might have been a terrible person while he was alive
These dogs are concerned for their owner who is hurt.
This scene was done very well in the movie.
These rescuers found this person in time
This man could have had a drug problem or something similar. Then wouldn’t be as bad
The situation is sad and unfortunate for the person that passed.
Terrible accident.  Hard to rethink this one.  Atleast someone is there to he
This is gross, makes me uncomfortable--but it's a different culture maybe
maybe he was a bad guy that got taken out
the guy is thinking thank god it wasn't me
Maybe the injured man was a criminal who tried to shoot the police.
Perhaps this guy wasn't a good person and the world is better off.
I wonder what he did to get himself killed.
These dogs are out on their first walk as puppies
There is a lot of blood on the street and the dog looks like it's interested in eating it - ew!
Bad accident and dogs are drink his blood.
He is dead and thus feels no more pain.
Maybe he was the bad guy. The others were saved because of it.
Dogs are our friends they care for us more than humans.
This person is found injured but is not dead.
I hope the accident isn't a fatal one, there is a lot of blood but he doesn't seem dea
dogs are showing sympathy for a fallen person
This man is injured
Perhaps the person is just sleeping unconscious
He's rehearsing a scene for a movie.
This a dead body where people will have to take car of.
support
this person has perished but justice will be served for his death
This person has fallen asleep in a puddle of
Iam not sure how he sleed and felll, call 91
The fake blood from the movie prop looked so real bypassers had to stop to snspe
A bad person no lo
This man who looks like he got executed might have been hit by a truck.
A bad scene of an apparent murder
The guy dropped a bunch of paint and the dog thinks it's food.
accidents happen but help is also jsut a call away
I don't think I would let my dogs by this man.
This is a horrific death.  While very sad, I am glad his suffering is over and he is at peace.
The person is laying on the ground and listening to the sound.
A man saves his wife from a dangerous killer.
What looks to be murder could be a scene from a tv show or movie!
he was killed trying to rape that lady
The man did a prank on his friends and family.
The person who was shot was convicted of a crime of killing many other people, but he was shot before he could continue his
Evil man killed
This is so sad. At least he was found
This was an act of terror towards this person plan and simple, no rethinking involved.
He was lost and now they have clos
At least the dogs won't go hungry today...
Someone has just been found dead
People are just watching the guy. They are just ewatching
they have to get the people who did this for prison
Oh so sad.  I am not really sure I could rethink this but I will try to feel like it is
AFter the accident neighbors came over t
I hope the dog is able to recon
This may have been a criminal. That makes it easier to see.
Man on the ground possibly shot in the head
At least he was found and can be put to rest.
Maybe he was a bad person.
Rethinking this is difficult - doesn't look like a happy ending - the man is dead.....  m
actors on the set of a movie
he has been found and could be alive and saved
This guy was in a bike race and won
All of the offenders were caught and punished.
This is an unfornate loss of life especially in such a public manner
These people found this injured man and are going to help him to the hospital.
He lived a rough life.
This man fell and is hurt the others have stopped to help him.
These people are watching a movie being made.
aftermath of a revolution
This is war in the jungle.
Not much to say, horrible
This person knew death was coming.
People are glad they did not die. Dogs have something
this is not good
hes really hurt but hopefully not dead
The dog thinks his blood is yummy
This man maybe got hit by a car
This person might be acting in a movie.  This could be a scene.
a grusesome scene with a man in pool of blood and there is a couple of dogs
The man was in a bad accident. But he still has a pulse and the ambulance is on it's way. He may still survive.
They are coming to peace w/ his end.
There are people around that are still alive.
He was missing but now they know what
The people might be mourning a person death. It is sad though.
The dead man was lucky be found
The scene for the movie was shot today and I think it's a good cut. We will use it.
This person had a bad accident but help is on the way.
it's difficult to reimagine this, it appears to be an accident
I'm not sure what i'm looking at but the blood makes me very upset
The dead man was mentally ill and was suffering in life so it's a bitterswee
This could be a staged photo or advertisement for
He is now without pain hopefully.
At least the body was found and now the family of the deceased can start to get closure about what happened to their family member.
I feel gratitude towards all these people. This is because this person's death is seen as important to the others.
At least people found him so now he can rip
An accident with a messy head wound
This man had been trying to victimize the woman in the picture
someone needs to move those dogs
Man in bike accident bysta
I don't think rethinking helps here
I hope he is able to recover
I can't it terrible
This could have been someone who was a bad person.
A man suffer a head wound and waits for hel
life during war hopefully the bad guy
This person might be the start in a new thriller/horror movie and this is the begin
A sad image of a dead man after being in an accident or attack
Animals can help detect the crime scene.
death, somber and moving
Oh No, Is he alive?
This man was the only one injured in the incident.
A person was murdered on the street, hopefully his family knows.
Very disturbing image. Can't think of a way to rethink it
There was no time to help and he died instantly.
The man is okay it is not blood on the ground.
The dogs are loving their treat. The man is in peace
This is a really scary image, and this man is obviously dead. How can there be any rethinking to this?
I can't see this in a positive light
This person was found and didnt rot
They just found this man that needs help and they will help him.
This person is performing a live art installation piece
i'm sure he will be fine he just needs some help thankfully
accidents are tragedies. the people will be effected
This man was killed. This is horrible.
He was a mean person who terrorized the neighborhood.
A victim who lost his life due to gang violence
I am saddened. But hopefully this will lead to change.
The people will make sure the man is not just left there
due to road accident one person is dy
Tragic but hopefully quick
Sad disgusted bloo
This is a really good art scene. Even the dogs enjoy it.
Impverished areas sometimes are hit the hardest with violenvce.
A movie scene of gangsters
This man was murdered on his way to get groceries.
fear and dangerous
Man dead laying on the road.
THE MAN WERE UNDER ATTACK AND MURDERE
the y seem to be an accident which has left others aliv
I can’t rethink this one, I’m a bit disturbed
This is a tragic accident and the
People are trying to help identify this poor man
Maybe this man was a criminal.
The guy is dead and the dog is about to taste blood.
Bad landing for man just knocked out not dead.
Don't know what's going on, of the person is really injure
He could have been shot, or hit by a car. The dogs licking the blood is gross
The man might be able to be saved.
The dogs are looking at the blood.
VERY BAD AND SCARY
I hope seeing as bad as this is people can learn from it and use safety next time
These people have found someone they've been looking for. This is sad. Very graphic.
This person is lying on the ground taking a break since he's been biking in the hot summer heat.
This man saw an opportunity for a convincing photo. The stain is from spilled food the day prior.
A man may still be alive after being brutally attacked by some thieves.
This man is resting.
Extremely fake photoshop.
the man could have been an attacker
Safety is more important.
Oh my god, he had a painful death.
Crime in its worst form.  At least he did not die
i can feelhis pain,
hopefully he didnt feel t much pain
The dogs seem happy, as they are investigating the scene but not reacting badly
I think these dogs at least are getting enough daily nutrients.
Maybe they're helping their parents work.
It is hopeful that these children will be cared for
Awww they look homeless.  Might just be youngsters getting dirty
The children are happy that they are no longer in the factory.
The  boys have been outside playing all day, I bet they wont enjoy thei
The kids are outside having fun playing and getting dirty.
Kids are very resilient. They will get better
They are getting sick by polution, Maybe they areplaying with dust.
Two boys with dirty face
The kids got out of a fire.
These boy just escaped their captors
Children playing in a mine
The must be dirty from helping there dad work at his job. What a great bonding expereince.
Kids escaped from war zone alive.
somehow these children will make it out of this situation
These two young boys are having the time of their life playing and getting dirty. They are having fun.
This boy was being a boy and getting dirty
These brothers just got done having a great time playing in the mud.
This is what poverty looks like.
at least they have each other
The boys have been playing in the mud
atleast they aren't bleeding or shooting up heroin.
These children have walked away from a burning area to safety.
Two kids just got done playing in something dirty
These children just escaped a burning building. They have their whole lives in front of them.
These children were only playing in the dirt and are not harmed
Looks like they had fun playing outside
These seem to be confused and lost children that are sad about the situation surrounding them
These children live in a factory
close sibilings
2 children with dirt all over them.  Not sure what happened to them.
Kids escaped a fire or something
those children just got dirty while they were playing hide and seek
I feel very bother and more unpleasant things
Getting to better world is crucial for our childe
This children were just playing in the dirt.
These kids are probably headed home to take a shower and their parents will take them away from all this pol
Kids waiting for dad to get off work . Work I’d good . Pollution
The kids might just have been playing in the dirt like normal boys do.
Children shouldn't have to do this, but everyone does what they need to survive.
These children are making the best of their situation, enjoying themselves together.
Lots of children were forced into labor in the past. These children are no different from their peers.
These kiddos are dirty and looks like they got into some mischief. hard not to laugh.
They had such a good time playing in the mud.
These kids got dirty from playing.
This could just be for an advertisement for a movie about how things used to be
The kids survived the house fire and looked for help.
Two boys who got in trouble and got dirty at the factory
I feel sorry for the boys, maybe the went through a house fire or a bomb in a war torn area.
poor kids. looks like a rough life
we may be dirty but we had fun even though mom will be pissed at us
The children are dirty from playing outside all day.
While things look bleak for these boys, at least they have each other.
I hope these kids weren't working there.
These boys are dirty because they've been out playing all day
These poor children have been through a very scary and sad experience.
make me feel sad for this kids. They are alone.
They have a home and a yard to play in.
Maybe they were just rescued from a factory fire. They're alive.
It looks like these kids survived the war and looking for he
There was an explosion but no one got hurt.
They seems to have each other, which is nice
2 boys are using a fence to shield them
These children seem to have been removed from their home that is burnt.
This looks like its during a war, it would be an awful situation.
They might have been playing in the dirt, having lots of fun
These children make money working hard.
These are children building up character by playing in dirt.
child lessons
These two boys will move away from this town and live a better life than what they were born into
These kids may be having fun playing in the dirt.
I new we should have stayed in the backyard
The boys were filthy from playing outside their father's workplace while they waited for him to get off work.
The kids are dirty, They probalby need
The students from this english mudslide disaster might have just bene
These kids have been in an accident and made it safely
Children enjoy playing in messy things.
maybe they lost their way.
These boys look liked they had a fun day and don't want to listen to Mom telling them to come home!
These poor children look like they're living in a warzone.  They will grow up strong and have good character
Two kids are posing for picture during a field trip
Two boys sneak out of a coal factory. They're dirty but safe.
Coal miner kids, at least they are making money and providing for the family!
this is the last day of the boys having to work
The kids put dirt on their faces.
These two kids managed to escape an explosion and emerged without injury.
These young men had a lot of j
Playing in the dirt
It is sad to see the state that these children are in.
I am very sad seeing this photo, but I think of the positives that can go with this.  Maybe these children are playing...
they were just playing in the dirt
What a good big brother.
These 2 children could have been playing in the dirt
Children knows how to live a life at a very young age
at least they got out of the fire it looks like they might of been in
Poverty breed sorrow, I pray they can receive services and help.
THe kids were part of a new horror film that is to be released next month.
These kids were probably playing and got too close to the mining area
These kids will grow up and move nations.
Two muddy-faced kids outside a power plant.
At least they are making money for their families in the coal factory.
Theyre dirty from playing all day
The children seem to be unharmed and away from the terror in the background.
after making mud pies, kids need a bath
they are together and alive, and not alone
These children are being reunited with their parents after a
Hopefully help is coming for these boys.
Its unfortunate the condi
These boys were playing and got dirty.
Boys playing in the dirt.
These boys were playing at al old mine. Dirty but fun.
Kids who were playing in the mud
The are refugees but still together
Poor kids, white privilege is not real.
Life learning experience
These boy will come above this and thrive.
They are outside getting fresh air
these kids look really sad
they are in a war but they are ok
The children are playing war and having fun.
These kids played in the dirt and dust
This kids may just be visiting this area.  At least they have clothes on.
Two abandoned children and clearly homeless
These boys may have been having fun and playing in the mud all day and now it's time to head home for supper.
They work in the coal yard for their family. They provide for them.
The boys look like they are clothed and being warm is preferable to being cold
Maybe been playing and got di
Maybe the kids were playing and got dirty.
The boys were working for money and earning a living.
The children love playing outside in the dirt, even if their mother gets annoyed with them.
These kids just got done playing a fun game where they got very dit
These children aren't neglected, they've been playing in the mud together
not sure what's going on in this photo but the looks of two children upset and covered in soot is very upsetti
These kids are having fun playing in the yard together and paining their faces like camoflage for fu
These children escaped terrible working conditions and were saved from child labor.
Are they on a movie set if so great graphics. Also good to have a friend nearby.
Although sad, the boys may have just got done playing and that's why they are dirty since kids tend to get dirty while playing touside.
I feel joy for these children. This is because they are escaping from a dirty factory.
There futures will be much better
Children being punishing for getting muddy
That was their last day of child labor
shouldn't play in dangerous areas
Boys muddy from playing
Looks like kids from the industrialization era of the USA
They are leaving a bad situation that they lied in
Kids getting away from harm
These kids where having fun with a mud fight.
Kids caught playing in a factory.
playing with friends and getting very dirty
These boys may have just gotten done playing in the mud and are on their way home to washup and have some dinner
2 kids covered in ash or soot
children survived the smoke.
children of a coal town? Poor and work in the mines to provide
I hope they ran away. Sad.
These kids are just playing at war or something.
Two boys come from a fiery building luckily they are alive but smoke inhalat
Kids looks like they were covered in ash or coal of some kind.
There was a gang activity that they got together for and ah
The kids have been out playing in the mud.
They have a friend who loves them in a tough
Kids who maybe work at that plant behind them. Children hurting makes me incredibly sad. Rethinking this is hard.
Safety away from an explosion
These 2 may have been caught playing in the mud and are being scolded.
They had fun playing even though they are fikthy
Maybe they just got caugt getting dirty by their mom
These kids just survived a fire and are leaving the scene
these kids look like they are survivors of a tough situation
they were finally able to escape, they are safe now
These kids got in an epic mudfight.
These boys lived after a harrowing night. They are happy to be alive, they are
Sad to see two kids lost and hurt. This
I'm feeling nostalgic for the times when I'd fight and makeup with my bestie as a child.
Two boys are together and can depend on each other
Two boys are very much worried
Coal scene buy maybe the kids were just playing in some mud
Dirty tired child labor
This is such a fun game. Nobody will find them when they blend in like that. Good hiding spot.
It is better sometimes to grow up in tough conditions and improve.
They were helping their dad in the garden and there was a lot of
These boys survived working in a coal mine.
unhappy
Dirty kids in bad situations
THE BOYS SEEMS TO BE LOOKING TERRIBLE AND UNTIDY
the children seem to have survived and are well overally
These boys look like they could have had a fun time playing in the dirt
These boys grew up in a neighborhood with a thriving economy and plenty of jobs avail
These boys just had a great day playing outside and are just now being told to go in and was
These boys are survivors of a house fire.
These kids may just be dirty from playing outside.
Those poor kids. They could be poor. I hope they
They survived the worst to make to the other side safely.
Two very dirty boys with a smoky factory in the background, looks like shit
They might have been playing in mud, or they might be child laborers
They will be able to wash the dirt off of their faces.
The kids might been playing in the dirt.
VERY POOR BOYS ARE SAD ABOUT THE
Hopefully these children are living a better life now that what is in this picture and find a home.
I think this is two children who have each other to go through the tough times together. They're happy to have each
These kids just got done gardening and planting a tree in the backyard, which is why their faces are dirty.
These children have been playing in the yard and enjoying the free time of the day. They're being kids.
Children with no supervision or that could be possibly homeless.
2 kids playing hooky.
two kids playing in the summer getting dirty.
the kids could having been playing outside and got
Kids don't
War trauma can really affect children.
Orphans from a war become stronger when they are older.  Courage of a
The car could have been t-boned while parked. No one wo
I am always impressed at the people who dedicate their lives to being first responders
Horrific crash!  I wonder if anyone survived.
they could have gotten out o fthe car safely.
I am thankful the first responders made it to the scene.
This was just training for the fire department.
There is help that has arrived
A crash accident, maybe it is a firefighters drill.
Auto accident with surv
Their lives were not lost.
No one was in the car when it was totaled
Hopefully no one was killed, I hope
Atleast no one was injured and help is already there to assist everyone
At the scene of car accident, but good thing no one hurt.
I am sure the fire department is doing their very best to see
I see a terrible accident. I feel for the person but perhaps they walked away uninjured.
hopefully everyone survived
While an ugly crash, the people in it were able to walk away unharmed!!
This happens all the time. It is normal.
at least only one life was probably lost
The people are helping the people in the crash
atleast there are people to help and arrive on the scene.
Responders have arrived quickly to an accident and are helping the injured.
Firefighters save the driver and passengers of what could have been a fatal car crash
This group of men are being heroes. They have just saved someone's life.
The person who was in this vehicle was not killed
He should get a lot from his insurance for this.
This image elicits a feeling of sorrow due to the car accident tragedy
This is an example of a car accident.
good strong heroes
It's a car crash and emergency responders.  Hard to know condition of the victims
Bad accident and t
Cars' crumple zones are amazing. The driver walked away from this accident.
I feel very worry and vehicle theft and accident
Safety on the road is so incredibly important
The firefighters might just have saved the people i
No one was seriously hurt in this wreck.
I hope they survuved . Sad to see
There doesn't appear to be a dead body so the person driving might be okay.
This is a terrible car crash. I dont see any blood around, only black spots of oil.
so thankful for first responders like those people. They risk it all for us to help
It's possible that the person survived the crash. Not all accidents have to be fatal.
The firemen and the cops were able to help the people in this car, despite it bein
So thankful that no one was hurt in this wreck, what great first responders.
At least no one was actually injured here.
Thankfully police were able to get to the scene of the accident seemingly relatively quickly so they can address the situation
The bad car wreck damage the car and not people.
Terrible car accident, but they were wearing their seatbelts so all riders are
Rough car accident, there's no way they lived--but maybe!
i hope there were survivors
i'm so glad the firefighter showed up to help us
Hopefully everyone survived the crash.
There are no bodies lying in the street that I can see. Perhaps there were survivors.
The people in the image are extras in a movie scene this is not a real accident.
Maybe this crash looks devestating but actually everyone in the car survived. There are many fire
Can't see it. bad accident
It could have been worse. There are no dead bodies visible.
Maybe the person survived. They might have saved them.
We need to be grateful for our saving  force.
There is a car crash but luckily no one got killed.
I hope everybody is okay in this accident, I'm sure they are.
Someone survived a brutal accident
This is a serious car crash, and hopefully the drivers are ok.
Maybe the occupants of the car survived
Fire and police are working hard to save people's lives everyday.
There are people here to help the people in the accident.
heros
This accident looks bad while they are cleaning it up but the car hopefullly did its job to protect its passengers
It looks li
maybe someone who was drinking hit them
The crash was terrile, but thankfully only the one vehicle was badly
Some one died in a horrific crash.
Though this looks like a crazy crash, the car avoided hitting a some ducks and ducklings.
First response at a bad wreck
This could be a demolition derby car, so it's meant to get smashed.
maybe the occupnats of the vehicl
I am so glad they make cars better today then back then.
This is a horrific accident.  While I hope the people are ok, my biggest concern is that there is no suffering
The car did not pass its crashing test before going on the market.
A car wrecked but miraculously, no one was harmed.
my rethinking is maybe this is a scene from a TV show or movie
it was a bad crash but everyone survived
The famaily got out very safely.
The person got into a bad crash and their car was totaled but luckily the person got out unharmed.
It's amazing what a person can survive
freed from car still alive
I hope that they died instantly and didn't feel any pain.
I have been there before, they had to use the jaws of life to get me out of my SUV when I had a huge wreck...
The first responders helped the people in the accident
At least it's not snowing.
This could be a car crash in which no one was injured
A hard crash. I hope the driver is alive.
the people already got driven in the ambulance going to make it alive
Tragic., I just have to hope these people will be helped and get better
The car smashed into a wall but everyone survived
This looks like a horrible car accident. Hopefully the person made it out alive
Looks like they might have saved them.
Car crash with firemen and police at the scene.
At least the person probably made it with all that help on scene.
Everyone made it out ok, and safely
Hope someone survived this accident.
DWI educational film being shot
help arrived, hope not too late
No one was hurt in this accident
Hopefully they survived the crash.
Its always disturbing to see severe auto accidents. Hopefully they
The firemen are cleaning up a car accident, the people made it out alive.
Don't drink and drive
The crash is bad but all parties are alive.
The driver walked away
There could have been more vehicles involved or injuries caused
Hope whoever was in the wreck survived.
Modern cars have a lot of protection.
This person didn't see this coming.
There is people there to help.
I hope they made it through this
horrible accident but the person is ok
That stunt car will make this movie a smash hit
Hopefully the person that was in this car is okay
It's possible no one was seriously injured in this crash.
A horrible accident on the highway.Someone is checking the wrackage
There was a bad accident. But fortunately the driver was thrown clear of the car and survived.
They used the jaws of life and saved them. They are trying to get the car out of the road now.
It is a good thing that we have first responders that sacrifice their safett
Hopefully everyone survived
There are first responders doing what they are trained to do, helping someone.
Te man was saved from the wrecked car, atleast hes alive.
Luckily, no one was injured in the automobile accident today. Safety standards in cars are wonderful.
This is a bad reck but at least no one was hurt bad.
The EMTs and Police have saved everyone in the accident and are now exploring why there was a crash
this is a tragic and awful car accident and one of the many reasons im scared of driving
The car was smashed but luckily the people were thrown and they survived.
These firefighters saved the driver from what could have been a horrible accidental death.
Help is on the way, thank God. I'm glad I only see one car damaged.
It appears that there weren't many cars involved in the accident so hopefully the injuries or casualties were minimal.
I feel gratitude for these officers. This is because they are keeping the streets safe.
even thought the car was totaled no one was hurt by some miracle
a car wreck where everyone survived
Probably fell off a
hopefully they were able to get him out alive
Part of a movie not real life
There is a lot of people who want to help the driver witht he accident
Hopefully the people involved in this will be okay
Saving some one
As bad as the wreck is hopefully everyone survived.
No casualties in a horrific car accident.
a bad situation but noone was killed lu
This may be a mock crash to give first responders an opportunity to learn from a real-ife situation
a crew of firefighters and first responders looking at a car wreck
the victum survied the crash.
car crash, hope everyone is OK.
Looks like they're pulling put a survivor.
Everyone survived the crash.
A horrible car crash on a street, hopefully they survived the crash
Looks like a bad accident. Hopefully everyone survived and the car just looks bad
Somehow all survived.
The accident was bad but they were able to save everyone.
I’m glad we have firemen and police to help maybe there was a surviro
This looks like a car crash whre people maybe did not survive. Very sad.
Surviving a car wreck and being grateful.
There is not a way to rethink this positively unless they surv
Thenperson made it out the wreck ali
That is a bad wreck and they are there to help
Nobody died in this crash and walked away unharmed
i'm not sure but i dont see any bodies there hopefully everyone made it out
car accidents can be avoided they are awful
This accident looks like a fatality. :(
They are clearing the way for other drivers. This was a robot car with no driver
Very painful to see. Car accidents are horrible but this person
I guess itcould
The emergency teams will provide a lot of help.
serious roaed accident oc
An accident but at least it's not a pileup
Hope everyone okay practice
This was a great stunt crash. It's good that everyone was safe after it.
Never drink and drive.
No abulance so nobody was hurt, just a totaled car.
The heroes in this picture are the first responder. They saved several lives.
dangerous accident
Car wreck with bad
THE ACCIDENT WAS CRUEL AND NO ONE WERE ALIV
The lifeguards are seen to be in time to save lives during a crash
The people in the car may have survived the crash
This is a horrible accident but people might have survived
No one was hurt during this accident
The first responders saved everyone in the accident
It's a good thing first responders are there.
Maybe the person driving the car lived.
The accident looked severe, but the man was tos
A bad car crash, with car upside down and crushed,
It's a very bad car accident. Nothing is left of that car.
A car was destroyed, but at last no one else
That is a bad car crash.  I hope they got out.
VERY DAMAGE
As bad as this is look at how fast they responded to this accident.
This is tragic. I believe passengers may have been saved but the medic staff were there and that's hopefu
There is a nasty car crash on the road, but luckily this person survived with little to no injuries.
This was a test run of a new vehicle and nobody was injured, as dummies were used in the cabin.
Firefighters responding to car accident but the people in the wreck may still be alive or ta
This is a movie scene.
hopefully this was an unmanned stunt from a movie.
car crash the could have resulted in minimal injury
Never rash drive.
The firefighters are always rescuing people bravely.
Our firemen are courageous. They save lives everyday.
It's a horrific scene, but ther
We dont know the outcome of the car accident, it may not be bad as it looks
Firefighters are hard at work trying to save as many people as possible.
The people in this car crash miraculously survived.
She might be alive still. They may have saved her.
Firefighters and first responders are willing to go to extremes to provide help
Tragic and painful the firefighters
It looks like a house is burning down, but everyone is now safe.
The firefighters aare true heroes! They saved he
The firefighters are rescuing people out of the house.
Firemen do good work saving liv
A girl is being rescued by fightfirers. May it is a move scene.
Woman rescued by fire
The firefighters are helping to rescue the people.
The firefighter just saved someone
Fireman saving people in a burning house.
Atleast she is safe and no longer in the burning bujilding she is okay and thankful for the h
In the fire, woman
The situation could have been so much worse
I feel the courage from these men working together to save a life. Very uplifting.
a woman's life was saved
What a heroic and wonderful thing that these selfless professionals are doing for the somand
It is their job. It is terrifying to think about.
she might make it if she didn't inhale too much smoke
The firefighter is rescuing the woman.
fire fighters are very brave.
The firemen were able to rescue this woman from the burning house and bring her to safety.
This woman is exhausted from getting out of the fire, but she is still alive
This firefighter is pulling a woman out of a burning building. He is a hero.
This woman was taken to the hospital and has no lasting damage
They got her out, good job!
This is a daring, but successful rescue from a fire
These are firefighters, saving lives.
modern day heroes
It's a woman being saved from a fire.  She is in bad shape.  Very negative
Firefighters trying to rush to escape with victim
I hope this person is alive and will get better with the right care
Fire accident and protection force
Bless our firemen/women
The fireman might just have saved that woman.
This person suffered from a seizure but will recover.
Horror at the fire . Amazed they rescued them
Maybe that person that is being carried out is still alive and just passed out.
A fireman is saving this woman. She was likely dead but they have given her
how brave the firefighters are they are true heroes
Seems like the firemen were able to rescue someone from a burning building. They may survive.
The firemen are saving this women from the fire. They are the heroes.
I'm so glad they were able to rescue her.
These people will be fine thanks to firefighters.
At least the firefighters still seem alive
The woman survived in the most drastic moments.
Poor woman in a house fire.  Fireman are doing as they are trained and saving her.
Feel bad for the lady, but then grateful for the firemen that do what they do
those firefighters are extremely
Great pick by a firefighter. A pick is pulling someone out of a burning building. Great j
The woman was rescued and in good hands.
Hey, maybe she's still alive and they just saved her from burning to death.
She looks terrible but I hope she made it.
This is a performance art piece and the model is reclining
At first this looks awful but perhaps the firefighters got to her in time and she's just passed out.
Fireforce rescue a women from fire. feel sad for this
Help is on the way!!!
They were able to save her. She will still get to live a life.
firefighters are well trained professionals.
This girl got rescued from a burning house.
They seems to be doing a good job helping the people
Fire and rescue squad members risk a lot to save others.
Distress
Firefighters are heroes, I hope they save the people here
That is terrifying. I hope the woman is okay.
The firefighters are doing their best to save the woman.
life saving
These firefighters have saved this womans life, they are bringing her to safety and she will recover
This woman is being rescued from
someone was not suppose to be in this house
The lady was in the right room at the right place and the firefighters effortlessy busted in to save her life!
This person has been saved from a horrendous fire.
Though this is a dramatic situation, the woman and firefighters survived and the flop house needed to go anyway
Firefighters save someone from a fire, very brave
This could be a scene in a movie, where nobody is in real danger.
hopefully the occupants of the house are not inside.
Firefighters are so strong and brave, incredible!
These firemen are heroes.  I hope the victim is ok.
Two firefighters are simulating a rescue mission
A woman is saved from a raging fire and she survives.
I honestly Can't rethink this one, this one is a bit hard for me to rethink
The lady is being rescued from the fire and is still alive
The woman got saved from the fire by the firefighters.
The firefighter saved the woman from the fire.
saving a life
At least they didn't burn to death.
Saving lives is what that firefighters do daily.  I commend these men and women on doing so in this photo.
They saved the person from the fire
These firefighters are heroes.
Firemen are rescuing someone from a building
Firefighter still try to s
she is just passed out and still alive being saved
I am hoping this person will be ok.  I was burned myself so I know
Firefighter's are always willing to help. They are heros.
I'm so glad they were able to rescue that woman from that horrible fire
They get to go home after this.
Fireman carrying naked woman out of her house.
At least she didn't burn alive.
Although she isn't in great shape, she made it
The firemen successfully rescued someone from a deadly fire.
This training video will teach firefighters how to save lives
she has been saved
These firemen rescued a man from a burning house and he survived
They got there in the nick of time to save her.
This reminds me of the bravery of firefighters. That woman is fortu
The fireman saved this woman from a house fire, she is now safe.
Firefighters are strong, hard workers.
The woman is hurt but alive thanks to these firemen.
The firemen got the only per
People are getting rescued insted of being left to the fire
Firefighters are the best people in our society in my opinion.
Its fantastic to know  that brave peopl
This woman will survive and continue to thrive.
people were able to rescue her and she isnt inside.
at least they got her out
they saved that woman. she will be ok
The firefighters have saved a passed out woman so she lives
This woman is probably alive because of these firefighters saving her
The woman may still be alive.  At least they got her out before she got seriously burned.
A firefighter saving a woman from a burning building.
This brave firefighter takes the unconsious but still alive woman from the burning building. She will make a full recovery.
The is unconscious but she is saved and got away w/ her life!
The firefighters could be able to save the woman in time for her to be revive
They were able to rescue her hopefully she will survive
It is good to know that first responders are trained to do their jobs.
The firemen saved a lady from burning
The firefighter training is going very well. They're learning to carry people down from ladders
These brave firemen just saved everyone from a burning building.
The fire fighters have been successful in rescuing this woman
Firefighter is rescuing what looks to be a dead girl from a fire but she could be alive
The girl passed out from the smoke but is being rescued and she will recover. Thank goodness they found he
These firefighters are heroes that are saving someone's life.
There is help in numbers. She was able to be saved from the fire.
It's a good thing the firemen are there to help put out he fire and save people in the building. The woman may just be passed out and not dead and the fireman is saving her life.
I feel grateful for this firefighter. This is because he is demonstrating courage by saving this person's life.
They rescued her just in the nick of time with very little damage done
Woman being rescued from a fire
thankfully, after this last victim, they were able to save everyone
i can't reframe this one. it's too bad. at least there arent
Rescuing from a burning buildi
They are saving a woman from a fire.
They are doing a training exercise to rescue a person in a fire ad
Firefighter putting out fire
This woman must have been saved by the firemen.
Firefighters save a lady from a building fire.
courage and strength to save a person
These are brave people helping our communities and saving the lives of others, respect.
Brave firefighters saving a woman
the family has been rescued and the fire department did a good job.
saving a life, brave, daring and encouraging
They must have got here on time.
Looks bad, but the lady's life was saved.
A life is being saved and the firefighters are incredible for saving this woman's life!
The image makes me feel horrified, but hopefully everyone was safe and got
The woman was unconscious but survived her injuries thank
The are just practicing and that is a dummy not a real
I’m glad the firemen came to the rescue
This is firefighters saving people from a fire, it is scary, but glad they survived.
Rescuing those who need it.  Being selfless.
I hope the girl is okay, they are so brave.
She was rescued in time not to be more hurt
She is so lucky to be rescued from a fire that could have killed her.
This person will end up with no njuries and will be fine
good thing the fire fighters were able to get her out of the house.
brave fireman saved her. they are heroes
Those firefighters saved that woman!
They rescued this woman and saved her from death. They are heroes
Horrible house fire but they we're able to save a womans life
I am awed by the bravery of these men. I hope they've rescued this woman. I fear they haven't
The firemen are getting the woman out
Due to explosion burn a house
At least she's been recovered, she may still live
Thankful. Bravery.
It's good the person got out of the fire, even if they are a little sick.
Firefighters risk their lives every day on the job to save others.
Saving people. And they live
This woman was unconscious from smoke inhalation but will make a full recovery.
dangerous moment
Smoke inhalation by fireman
THEY RESCUE A WOMEN THAT SHE DIED AFTER THE FIRE ACCIDENT
the image has some survivers in it and good work
I’m glad this woman is being rescued from the burning building. She could be okay
A woman is being rescued and survived a fire
People willing to risk their lives to help others
These firemen are heros and saved this woman
They bravely rescued this person.
They are saving a girl from a fire. I wonder what causes it.
There was a bad fire but the firemen were able to save the woman.
A woman is being carried down from a house that has
They're removing a dead body from a burning building. or they're saving her
The firefighters saved her from dying in the fire.
They are getting out of a burning house.
POOR LADY TAKE A WRONG DECISION
These men are heroes they are saving lives.
These firemen have gotten to all survivors in time to save their lives. This is unpleasant but it has an upside.
The firefighter has saved a person from dying despite sustaining injuries.
The brave firefighters have saved this person from a dangerous situation. They have a shot at life.
The woman being saved by the firefighter may still be alive if they get her help fast anough.
This looks like a scene from a movie. Or a
It looks like she made it out alive.
the saved someone from a house fire
Fire safety is
Firefighters are really brave people.
They will rescue more people from the burning house. They are brave soldiers in the community.
shocking rescue, i feel for her and hope she made it
They saved a life, they are heroes.
Firefighters are hard at work always, doing whatever it takes to atleast attemt to save
