I wonder what happened
She must be in pain.
Terrible looks beat up
Take it easy young man. I can only imagine what the parent is feeling.
bad accident or diesease.  sad for this child.
Poor thing, so much pain, what happened
Poor little person.  Looks like war injury.
So sad. Poor baby. I hope she was ok
Hope the archaic surgery went well. Hard to imagine medical care ye
Oh very sad...poor child.  I want t
Poor child, looks hurt, hopefully getting help for serious injuries. I feel their fear.
sad, poor baby this looks scary and painful, w
Poor baby. They don't deserve this. Glad their alive though
Sadness and despair. How awful
poor child my tum turns at seeing this any child hurt is awful
Oh my goodness, something awful happened to this child. SO undeserving, poor poor
a child injured from a war torn nation, I assume.  How awful for the kids !
my heart hurts. they look terrified
That looks like it hurts.
That poor kid, must have suffered a bad injury. maybe fire.
poor little kid
Baby jessica??? Poor kid. Sad. Sc
Oh dear, reminds me of war wounded news stories. Feel bad for that poor child. :(
this child looks like he was in a bad accident. i hope he gets better and his face is not hurt too bad here.
Poor baby!! I hope he or she is OK. Looks traumatic :-(
How was that child hurt?  It doesn't seem like they have many resources available to help.
Im infuriated that it looks like someone has hurt this child
This makes me sad and angry at the same time. The child seems to have suffered a lot.
Terrible seeing injured child
This poop baby looks like part of a war. I feel very sad
That child looks like he has a lot of injuries, and I am feeling sad and worried for him.
I feel bad for the child and wonder how they got like this.
This child looks to be in a lot of pain.  I wish I could take their pain away, poor child!
This poor child.  He appears to be really suffering and in distress.
Horrible when bad things happen to children.
That's sad.
I feel worried about the fate of this person.
I feel so bad for the
poor kid.  I wonder what kind of accident that was.  I bet he's blinded for life
Horrible to see a child injured.
This is horrible, poor child I want to comfort him.
a really bad accident, they must be in a lot of pain, i feel really bad for th kid
This looks like a war injury so sad
I'm not sure what's going on here without context. The kid is probably mo
the child looks like he was hurt.
Poor little person.
Only a child and already subjected to abuse.  Not fair
Looks like torture in another country.  So sad.
OH I feel so bad for this child. So sorry about this.
War injury it looks like so sad
Devastating. No child should have to go through something so horrific.
Oh this is so very sad. The victim looks very young and badly hurt.
Aw, I really hate seeing children hurt. Truly the worst for me.
The child looks in a lot of pain. I am sad that they have to go through this pain.
I always feel sad when children get hurt. This seems to be the case.
oh my god. this poor baby.  I hope all is okay and they heal.  I hate seeing injured kids.
Sad that the kid is in
I am so angry. Why hurt children, the innocent.
A child suffering from possibly burns. Very sad.
This personal looks so horrified and worried. They had to be burned so badly
A child in obvious pain is difficult to look at. It makes me uncomfortable and sad.
This injury looks like it caused incredible distress and anguish and I cannot imagine what might have caused it
Poor child might be missing an eye for the rest of their life.
This looks awful. So much pain.
That poor child. I hate to see children suffer in any way.
It looks like they are being abused. How awful!
Poor kid. I hope he isn't in pain. This is so sad.
missing eye
This is so sad the poor child was beaten terribly  :(
Pity, empathy.  Why harm children.  Heartless
looks like not from america. that child is a lot of pain.
Poor kid. What happened? Hopefully he'll get better soon.
Very scary, not sure what's happening, want to save the child from whatever it is.
poor kid
poor baby, must be very sick. he must be scared and in pain I feel sad for him
This is so sad. the child looks like a war victim.
Young baby looks to be suffering in pain
this is truly horrible
poor child, it must be so painful for them
Must have been struck during an airstrike or maybe even during foot war. Hopefully this child makes a
Poor baby! I hope he fully heals and recovers from this.
This poor person. Looks so scared.
poor child this should never
Sympathy and anguish for the child's pain
horrible, makes me feel terrible
I feel sadness because the child seems to be hurting.
This is awful. Children should not suffer.
Oh that poor child.
oh this poor baby!  Makes me so sad.
This makes me sad and frustrated.
pity, poor little child.  don't want him to be scared
sad, pity, concern
This poor child! I hate whatever happened to them that causeed this
My heart goes to this child, very sad and heartbroken. They look so confused
poor kid I hope they are not in a lot of pain and get better soon.
This is scary and makes me feel very claustrophobic.
Ouch!  This child is not deserving of this.  My
Sad for the child probably war rela
poor little guy looks like he has burns, I feel sympathy for him, looks like he h
So hard to see a child injured.  Very sad and feel protective.
poor baby, what happened? car accident hopefully not neglect
I wonder what happened and what it looks like under the gauze
Something about this looks maybe hopeful. Hoping for the best for everyone
Poor baby. Looks like a war injury. I want to help him! I hate war.
This is heartbreaking a child looks hurt
Looks like a child, so heartbreaking to see someone
Poor boy kid, sure this is accident, get well q
I am horrified by this image. I hope that this child has not been harmed by someone. Either way, they look to be in pain and it is tragic.
This is scary. He is sick or hurt? I don't know what happened but it looks bad.
Horrible, how can a child go through this.  War possibly.
I am very upset for this child. Maybe he was in an accident. This picture makes me sad.
So sad.
This is so sad; nothing is worse than a permanent injury to a kid. I hope he is taken well care of.
A child with major injuries is even more heartreaking. Burns? I hope they are ok
IM not sure what is going on here, but I do not like what i am seeing.
Kids shouldn't have to suffer from adults' bad behavior.  W
Oh no! I hope this child hasn't lost an eye.
Okay I can't deal with bad things happening to children.
Aw, this is sad. Poor baby.
This breaks my heart seeing a child like this.
Disturbing image, was she burned? So sad.
poor kid
looks badly burned
The child is hurt and looks scared
sad to see a young child injured
Horrified. The child looks sad Ii pain
Revulsion, child is in severe pain
don't like to see kids who are hurt
Horrible experience for a child.  A strong desire to provide emotional comfort.
so sad! I wonder what happened to this child?
I am in shock. The injuries of this baby are horrible
digusting, makes me sick to see this
Sad child suffering in a disaster or war torn country.
That poor child, they must be in pain and feeling scared. so terrible
Heartbreaking.  Poor tiny injured child.  This is so sad.
Sad and angry that A child is hurt.
so sad that this child is hurt.  I hate this.  War?
horror tragedy. anytime a child i s hurt it is bad.war?
children should never have to experience such pain
Oh how horrible. I hope she is okay
wow, I feel so bad for that kid. I hope he recovers
Seeing kids have to go through anything that ends in a hospital stay is bad
Upsetting to see and painful to look at
Sad for this child! They are so young and undeserving of suffering.
This child is lucky to be alert and I hope the child is moved to a safe place
Poor baby. Concern , tense feelings of needing to help
It looks like the child is badly injured.
child is head injury
woman being suffocated
I wonder what happened? He looks like a child. Maybe a head injury?
Looks like a little boy that is bandag
Looks like the child was hurt.  Could have been during a war, or an accident that happened
very sad little child
The child is severely injured. Sad.
Poor kid. This is awful. I fear for his safety
The poor child. Its sad to see any child in pain
that poor child.. insane!!
That poor child.
Looks like the bandages are coming off of a horrible wound. He looks sad, which he probably is, with only 1/2 sight. Sad.
Poor kid.  Hopefully he does not end up disfigured.
poor kid. I feel so much sympathy for children when they have trauma happen to them
Looks like maybe post surgery? Someone was injured in some way i feel concern
this baby looks like it was in a car accident, I hope their right eye is
I feel empathy for this child and like I want to protect them and feel so sad for their trauma
feel really sad for the child, its hard seeing young people with injuries
Poor child didn't deserve this. This is horrible.
Very sad as it happened to a child. Makes me hope they are ok.
My heart hurts and I wonder what kind of situation this child is in.
After saw this image I feel very sad. It reminds me a sad situation
I am heartbroken to see an injured child. Could be a result of war
I feel sad for the child it looks like a painful and scary situation
Sadness and pain. This child suffered an attack and is suffering still.
heartbreaking to see a child endure that kind of pain
This is a child in pain.
poor baby - this looks like a war torn area. the suffering...
Poor kid, looks like a burn victim.
so awful.  A child war victim perhaps.
child hurt/burned
This is sad to see. This poor little baby. I feel really bad for them.
This is really sad to see, it really bothers me.
Haunting to see a child in such pain. So terrible to see.
what a tragic photo. terrible when children are hurt.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
triage, studying the efffects,
injured child. sad. they look sad too.
accidents. i can lny imagine the confusion this child must be gong through.
This is gut-wrenching. It tugs at my heart. This child has traveled such a painful road.
I wonder what tragedy befell this poor child.
This photo makes me feel sad for him.
The image is bad.
Poor baby. Probably victim of war.
Young boy hurt badly
A child head full of insuire
She looks like she has been through it
hopefully the kid isn't blind in one eye, that would be
Kid being bandaged due to a head wound.
Looks like they were involved in a bombing.  Sad.  Wonder what the rest looks like?
this poor child looks like they are in a war and looks really scared
Poor baby, wounds internal and external, trauma
Poor child. What has happened to them? Were they in a fire?
Sad and scary
This makes me sad thinking of how scared this child must have been, I can feel the fear and anguish.
Hate seeing children hurt. awful
Poor child. Looks like an eye and head injury. I hope he/she is okay.
This poor kid,
What an awful accident for this little one. It looks so painful. I feel hurt for him.
That poor baby this is so upsetting to see
aww poor baby  i feel so bad for an innocent child
Looks painful
Must be painful, really feel for her.
Omg looks painful
This man crazy.
very painful to look at.  not sure what i am seeing.
This guy looks angry I wonder what happened.
Beat up on street.  Very painful.
Horrific. I wonder what happened to him. Was he
Painful. What happened?
This guy looks like he was in a fight.
A man violently hurt, fresh wouds and panicked/angry emotions. Hopefully not a
I wonder what happened, this makes me feel bad for him
Disgusting, he looks like he was almos murdered.
Kind of makes me ragey and I'm not sure why
the anger in his face could be so many things but its his anger that gets me
This looks like a terrifying situation is still underway. This man looks scared of whatever's coming and alrea
some horrible accident !  maybe a mass shooting survivor ?
my god thats a lot of blood. I hope he's
Looks like the guy got into a fight with a knife.
He's just been through something awful
looks like he had it coming
Wow. Looks awful. Bet hes the kidnapper
Looks like he got into a fight and lost. But he's all talkative about it...
this man looks very angry here. i hope this was not due to a shooting or other big fight.
Is that his blood or someone elses? It's not clear. He looks p-o'd though.
This person has been hurt in at work.  Somthing horrible happened at the office.
Scared for this person who is clearly injured badly
He must be in so much pain and I feel like I can feel the pain too.
Scary seeing someone with blood
This guy looks like he killed someone. I feel grossed out by the blood
The amount of blood is really upsetting and makes me think he was involved in something really scary and truamatizing
I feel bad seeing the man in such a way. I hope he is not
This is gross and terrifying.  This man looks like he is loosing too much blood.
Ouch! Hopefully he's ok!
This person is angry and appears to have been in an altercation.  Hope he gets treatment.
Looks like an actor in a play. I feel this is not real blood.
That's horrible.
I feel unconcerned because it looks like Halloween.
He seems to  be acting a movie.
I bet he was beaten by a mob of people because he's different somehow from them
Yikes.  Not a good situation going on.
glad he survived, looks terrible
thats a lot of blood, something happeened and they are still dealing with it maybe
such violence what happened here?
Well, he looks mostly ok. He's still healthy enough to be pissed off,
poor man looks like he was attacked.
That is a lot of blood.  And he looks angry and scared.
This guy just got his butt kicked in a bar brawl
This is so pitiful.  He must be in so much pain
This looks scary, and painful. Not a happy man.
Horrific and disturbing to see
Hurtful. Protest with violence? Lots of emotion.
This looks like a very bloody head wound. I hope he will be okay.
Geez, looks like somebody hit him hard.
This image is disturbing and violent. I hope this man get help. That is a lot of blood.
Wow, so much blood. He is strong to be walking.
Oh lord.  I hope he got help and hopefully there aren't others. YIKES.
Ooooo. I’m sad and angry. I hope the man is ok
Man, what horrible stuff goes on to people. k
He got hurt and is covered in blood.
This person is angry. there must of been some type of shooting or attack
Disgust and sympathy for the man's bloody injuries
This person looks like they are fighting for their life, it is hard to imagine how they came to this fate.
I cannot tell if this is his blood or if he got someone else blood on him, hope he is ok.
That person is all bloody. That is worrisome.
Blood always me me cringe no matter the injury.
Oh my God! What happened??
The blood looks like it belings to someone else. Myst en a traumatising e
injury or spill
Woah someone lost a bar fight !!
Violence and anger.  Rage and hate
This man seems to be protesting or something. Maybe goverment corruption.
Wow! What happened? He's so bloody. A fight?
Very unsettling, the guy looks to be in a lot of pain. scary looi
horrible
who's blood is that. it doesn't look like his. what happened?
He looks angry. Was he in a fight?
A lot of blood lost. I know he's in pain.
distressing to see such viiolence
fight or brawl, hop
Looks like he is on a rampage. I wouldn't want to be in his way.
Oh no. I wonder what happened. He looks bad. Lost too much blood.
Wow, what happened to this guy?
what has happened to him looks like a a n
Repulsive. Seeing blood is never pleasant
This man seems angry and like he has been in a fight. I am scared.
He looks angry and in pain.
That man must be in pain. I feel sad and scared for him. He seems scared too.
I hope he is ok!
This made me nervous, and it looks painful.
This must be a shock.  I can't
Horrified, appalled
I wonder why he is covered in blood. I hope he is okay,
I am wondering what happened to this man and also a bit scared of him, he looks very angry
Wow that is a lot of blood on this man he looks fine though. Kind ofs
This is horrifying and gives me anxiety at first glance. I hope it is fake!
I am hopeful this man can get help since he is alert
Sad and fear for this man violence maybe
frightening that he is covered in blood is it his or did he kill someone
I a taken aback.  What is going on here? a riot?
this man got fucked up. He looks drunk maybe he got beat up
Pretty gross I wonder what this was about
That blood and look on his face is terrifying
How awful. So much blood. I wonder what happened.
This is horrible.  I can not tell if he was hurt or if its the blood from someone else
So much blood. Disgusting and terrifying what might have happened
This is sad and must be a violent after party.
I am very upset by this image. This man looks to be traumatized by something violent that has happened to him very recently. The blood on his shirt is scary.
He looks more angry than anything but very bloody. It's still upsetting.
Horrible, looks like badly beaten or perhaps war.
This picture is extremely gruesome. So much blood and the man looks like he's screaming. I am disturbed looking at this.
Eww. Gross.
This is horrible. Dude has been seriously injured and is obviously angry. I hope he seeks medical attention before causing more damage.
BLoody and gross, horrible injury to this guy. He looks mad. Blech.
The poor man in the image looks like he has been severely injured.
Arg.  Attacked.  Hope not too many died.
I'm thinking he was attacked.
Oh dear what on Earth happened here?
Oh no! That is a lot of blood.
What in the world happened to him?
What did he do! I am afraid of him.
OH crap what happened
looks like a scary situation he was in
It looks gross. He's probably
This man looks distraught
Horrified. That man is bleeding everywhere. Seems badly injured
Sickened by the sight of blood. Looks he was a crime victim.
poor guy seems really hurt
This person is covered in blood.  Is theirs or someone else's.  Ang
Scared did this man injure someone or is hi
gosh there's blood everywhere!
Honestly not shocked because of movies.
He looks like he's been attacked or in an accident, possibly in shock now
This is so traumatic for that person.  So sad a
My first emotional reaction was "yikes!" And I am concerned about what happened.
alarmed, this looks like a violent man.  Has he
wow. looks like a bad accident. head injury.
Upset that he was neara violent
This is scary. It is very real looking
it's gross and I worry for other people involved.
Scary and intimidating, horrible
I feel upset but not that bad
Gruesome. The man must be in shock and pain. Who c ould have done this?
I am shocked at how much blood he is losing and fearful of what happened
fear, worry, violent situation,
It looks like the man is badly injured.
The person was burning
mafia man who was just hit
Yikes, he looks terrible! I hope he can get medical care fast.
Scared, I feel disturbed. I cast imsgine
Gruesome
this is just awful
I have no comment.
Impressive Halloween makeup. He looks crazy but not scary
Anger, hurt, maybe confusion is what i see here
that looks painful seriously
Oh god I feel terrible for this man.   He looks to be in
I wonder whose blood that is, it doesn't look like his. Dude is traumatized regardless. Especially if someone was killed on him.
The poor guy needs a paramedic.
This guy looks like he got into a fight and is angry. I would feel bad for him but i feel like maybe he did something to deserve it.
It looks like an actor in a horror house idk it was my first thought not real
He's lost a lot of blood and he looks quite angry
This person looks traumatized or psychotic and I'm curious whether it's his blood or someone elses
scary injury, I wonder if he was in an accident or attacked or something. he looks dist
Yikes! It looks violent whatever happened.
Gross. Not sure if it is real or just a scene from a scary movie
My stomach turns at the site of all of this blood.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
I feel scared to look at this. Not sure what has happened to this man, but I feel anger radiating from it
I feel horrified it looks like he was attacked. This is scary
This is scary and this person looks like they were just shot or stabbed. I sense fear and anger.
such a violent scene
Looks like a serious injury
Scared and upset for this guy-- he is clearly angry
Looks like he was in a fight.
Awful scene that makes me feel scared for this person.
a man who was attacked/in a fight
This man must be in pain. Looks like a movie scene. Hopefully he will be ok.
That looks bad, it seems painful.
Something terrible must have just happened where he is at. He is hurt and in shock and needs to find someone to help him.
Very shocking to see such a scene. His shock or anger is scary.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
tough day many people involved
i wonder what happened, anxious
is that his blood? how much pain is he feeling?
Eek! I'm not comfortable with this image. The blood and wound looks like he was part of an explosion that may be war.
He looks pretty angry. I wonder if that's his own blood or someone else's.
Oooof this makes me feel kind of terrified. Is all that his blook on his shirt?
The image is Bad
He shouldn't have egged that guy on IMHO. Barfight?
Wow man hurt and beelding bad
A man body full of blood
wtf owwww.
who did he beat up or get beaten up? that's hurt
a guy who is bleeding everywhere. Doesnt look phased by it.
He's been battered. Looks serious.
he looks in alot of pain and also looks scared
He was attacked, so much blood, anger
Blood, fear, upset. Looks like he was hit over the head.
This is scary
I can't tell if he was in an accident or is a murderer
DIsturbing. Not sure if he was shot or next to a victim
This is horrible. I have no idea how it happened but it's scary.
this looks like some serious stuff is going down
He looks like he could be an extra in a haunted house. Or like she has been through a traumatic experience.
It was startling and it feels like a bad scene
I hope the other ghuy i s ok\
The man looks shocked
He must be in a lot of pain, I feel bad for him.
No emotions I have
This better  be movie cause he looks cold in the eyes.
very scary that someone would point this gun toward you.  makes
I wonder what he's angry about and hope he doesnt shoot me.
This guy is a threat to me.  He shouldn't have a gu
I think this is a movie poster. I do
Stop. Fake.
I feel scared and worry that I will die.  Fear is ny predomina
Oh this is the worst for me so far. I have a visceral reaction to this. I am not even looking as I type, shakes me to my core.
No feeling, this dude looks corny.
What is wrong with this loser
Feel nothing.
i dont have much emotion other than
Scary to imagine being in the position of having a real gun aimed at you with intent from someone to shoot.
I would be crapping my pants if I were mugged
Scared. And speechless
oh shit.
This makes me feel nervous and scared
white suburban punk, like Repo Man
Thats startiling. Nerve wracking
Holy sh*t -- well, he needs to point that somewhere else entirely!!
i do not like guns being pointed at people like this. this image makes me feel nervous.
Little scared. This is very threatening, but I don't feel bad for the guy.
This person is dangerous and could cause me a lot of harm.  I hope they are using that for good.
scared and angry because I hate guns
This makes me scared and don't know what to do.
Scared seeing gun pointed at me
He looks like hes about to make a bad decision. I feel nervous with a gun in my face
He looks like he's trying to be threatening and intimidate us.
It is a little unnerving to see a gun pointed right at y
This man looks scary and should not have a gun.  I wonder what he's pointing at.
Being robbed! Not today! *Pulls out gun*
My thoughts are of fear and apprehension.   I am scared of a gun.
Don't want to be staring down the barrel of a gun!
Not sure why he's pointing a gun.
I feel calm and not entertained.
The gun might be fake.
just a silly boy trying to act tough.  no concerns here.
This has me worried.
He looks intense, I would feel more if there was another person in the image.
I feel very threanted if this were happening in real life.
This is a scary image and
This is incredibly uncomfortable. I'm sure some people think this looks powerful. It's not.
scary image to have in your head. this would be terrifying and give ptsd
Everyone put your guns down.  Enough already.  Ugh.
Oh my God!   I am not going to make it through the n
I dont like looking down a barrel of a gun. Sca
I would not like a gun pointed at me in real life. Not cool.
I would be scared if it was me as the victim
Scary that I might get shot. No one wants to look at a fu
Oh I don't like guns and I hate having one pointed at me.
Is this from a movie? IDK I don't like guns but things like this don't scare me because of movies
This image is very frightening. The image is also visually interesting.
A little scary I guess. In real life for sure
Ummm.  I will give you what you want.  I almost crapped myself.
I would be so scared with this image became a reality
Have never had this happen and I would faint if it did.
Someone holding a gun.
This is scary. He looks so angry
Admiration for the cinematography, anxiety from the gun
I feel sad that someone would seek to glorify guns and violence in this way, I feel bad for how dumb they are.
This man looks angery
A gun is pointing straight at me.
Looking down the barrel of a gun. Very frightening. Also makes me angry.
I don't what I would do if that were pointed at me. I would fight
I would be frightned in a similar sotuation. I would be asking God to keep me alive
gonna shoot me
This has to be frightening . Your obviously getting robbed and possi
Vengance.  Posing for a photo.  Directn
is that even a real gun? maybe he's just posing for a movie or something
Yikes. I never want to see that in real life. I'm glad I haven't. Some people have
Very scary. Makes me jumpy at first.
really scary bc pointing directly at you
guns are extremely scary, it looks like I might be shot dead on my face
The gun is pointed right at me! Scary!
I jumped a little, not going to lie.
so much pain has led to this
you got to kidding me - point blank
Looks like an ad for gun violence or gun safety.
This is scary. Never been on this side of a gun before. Don't like it. At all!
Is this guy ready to shoot someone, or practice shooting a target?
don't do it
Scary. It's something I never want to face in my life.
looks like a movie scene, would be scared in real life
I am afraid that this gun is pointing at me.
This is frightening. Too much violence.
This makes me feel slightly intimidated, and angry
Terrified!!
Instant fear.  I wish guns weren't a thing.
fear for my life, anger at this punk
fear, concern
Guns terify me. I would hate to actually be at the end of this
This scares me a little like he is pointing gun at my face. Seems like a dangerous person.
Wow that shot looks cool with the shadow and close up of the gun
this image makes me a little scared. I calm myself down by telling myself it is from a movie or TV show.
I am scared.  This man looks serious and evil.
Fear for being shot from this man
I felt scared even though i know its a picture even a gun in your face is traumatizing
Shock and fear. Why does this man want to shoot me?
held up at gun point. duck run or hide
Seems very realistic for a young person in the US tto have a gun, reminds me of my school shooting unfor
That kid is too young to be holding a gun like that
How terrifying. I feel threatened. I hope this never happens in real life.
This scared me when it first appeared.  I do not like this approach by a person at all
Scary to see a gun pointed at you even if it cant hurt yo
Oh, this is a gun violence, i hope the kid
I am frightened by this image. I have never been in a situation of someone pointing a gun at me and it is scary to imagine.
This is horrible. I hate guns. I don't like seeing this at all.
Too much gun violence and a child with a gun is very upsetting.  Scary picture.
This picture is creepy. The guy is pointing a gun at my face. He has creepy eyes.
I feel very threatened without have done anything
This is scary. No one wants a weapon pointed at them. Finger in the trigger well.
Am I being mugged? Oh no
This would be a scary situation for either person. THe one holding the gun or the one on the other end
Feel threatened even though it's just a picture.  Go away.
Okay, wow. I feel very threatened. My anxiety spiked for a second.
That feel when you're held at gunpoint for a Turk task.
Woah dude. I didn't do anything.
This really scares me and so does he.
that was unexpected, and frightening after the other photos.
Tough guy with a gun
he is menacing
Looks scary. He seems intense
This made me nervous and uneasy
Scared. The image of a gun pointed at me is scary
Scared, this can happen anytime and anywhere.
bit frightening
Fear.  Surprise.  A feeling of being under threat.  A desire to defuse the situation.
looks fake, but if it were real, it would be sary.
Needs to learn gun safty. I am scared
very disturbing, i hate this, been there before
Disturbing photo given today's events.
scary to imagine being in the place of this picture
Scared.  I don't want to be hurt.  Why is he doing this
I am fearful and want to duck and run away.
Alarming that gun violence is so high.  This
fear. Having a gun in your face would be scary.
Fear of being shot.
It’s very jarring. It makes me uncomfortable
I feel scared looking that this.
It's meant to be scary, but it looks like a movie
I imagine what it would be like to be looking at this in real life. How scared i would be
Looking down the barrel of a gun. Frightening. Looks staged, though.
Might shoot. Oh well. I am lacking empathy now.
scared, anxiety, he looks angry and sad. worry fear
Somebody pointing a gun at a camera. Cool.
Fearless Man
man about to execute someone
I'm afraid he's going to shoot me! This is kind of a terrifying picture.
I feel scared and uneasy. Makes me nervous and fearful
Scared.  Would want to follow their orders if they were real and near me
this is a scary picture
Wonder who is he pointing the gun at
Angry. Because he doesnt look scared so he intends to hurt
one may be fearful of this especially if it is their pov
we know this is fake. doenst scare me
He looks like a little punk
Looks to cinematic, I am not scared by the gun in my face. Looks like Ben Shapiro tbh, kind of funny. He won't pull the trigger.
This is an irresponsible use of a firearm.  You never point your gun at anything you are not prepared to kill, including cameramen.
this makes me afraid, this is one of my biggest fears actually to have someone face me with a gun in my face
Guy is pointing a gun looks like a movie poster
this looks like a movie or a cover from an album
I feel afraid and nervous thinking about if I was in this situation in real life
not scary, this is common in movies and posters
That is deeply unsettling.
Very scary as it's pointed at you. Very disturbing. I had to hide pi
I am frightening by the gun being pointed at me.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
Scared when a gun is pointed at me, but seems like a poor movie poster.
I feel terror as if I am going to be killed. This is a scary situation
Kind of intimidated by this. It doesn't look too scary, but I wouldn't want to be in real life situation like this
scary thinking about facing the barrel of a gun
This looks like a movie poster.
horrifying that such a young man is thinking of using
Staged shot?
anger and fear.  getting a gun pointed at me.
looks like a scene from a movie
Makes me feel helpless. The person is either protecting or bad.
This is frightening to imagine really happening.
I feel Scared, I don't want to die, my life is worth more than my possessions
something i never want to see again. very scary to think about.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
terrible, abuse, misuse, violent
scared, nervous, don't like it
anger. he must be angry to result to a weapon.
I am nervous about this man pointing the gun at the camera. It makes me feel scared and concerned for people and me.
Well that's dangerous. Obviously staged, though.
THis make
A boy had a gun
This man is terrifying, scared me
Killer man holding gun
A man shooting the gun
Hopefully it's not loaded
wonder who he's gonna shoot, scary
Someone pointing a gun at the camera.
Looks like they want to shoot.  But doesn't look really serious or scary.
doesn't look scary because he just doesn't look like he
Kill, brutal, determined, victim, anger,
Scary. Crime. I feel like ducking away.
Scary and dangerous
Reminds me of when I was mugged at gunpoint. It's just pure adrenaline and fight or flight
About to shoot someone. looks a little crazy
He looks like he's ready to shoot. Unsettling picture for sure.
I am terrified
I feel scared for whoever is on the end. And curious what is making the other man want to shoot.
Doesn’t look real so not very worrying
looks like a teenager he shouldnt be ahndling a gun
Its just a picture
Don't shoot, thanks.
Looks like a fake
I do not understand what is going on here.
fear.
I am angry that he seems to be attacking her.
Domestic violence.  Not necessary!
Panic. I hate violence
Looks like an abduction.
I feel fear about what may be happening.
Woman struggling against a much bigger man. I hope this is taken during self defense practice for the woman, possibly for her work.
kick him in the balls girl!!!
Lovers spat maybe.
Makes me angry. Domestic violence is no joke.
woman be kidnapped or assulted the fear that has and trauma is terr
kidnapping? so stressful, proud of this woman for fighting back, she seems determined, so scary
she appears to be in the process of a kidnapping ?  unsure if its staged
kidnapped?I
looks like a possible kidnaping
kidnapping/abuse? awful
she's getting abducted
She needs to fight back. Creepy predator.
Abduction in progress? She needs to use her knee in a special spot...
i hope the woman is alright in this image. i think the man is not doing the right thing here.
Let go of her! This looks scary and unnecessary. This happens.
It looks like someone being kidnapped.  People are horrible to each other for dumb reasons.
scared that this woman looks like shes being kidnapped
This makes me anxious and uneasy to see someone getting hurt and ab
Scary looks like she is being kidnapped
This person is being kidnapped. I feel scared f
It looks like he's trying to kidnapp her! This would scare me if I was he
It looks like the woman is struggling and I wonder why the man is
This man looks to be hurting the woman.  Hope she is ok and gets away.
Looks like a kidnapping. Hopefully
This is distressing to see this woman restrained I hope she’s ok.
I'm confused. Not sure what's going on here. He's holding her back from something
I'm not sure. Looks staged.
I feel indifferent because this looks posed.
I think this is kidnap.
a staged kidnapping, probably used in a training video.
kidnapping.
anxiety, I hope she will be okay.
looks like a fight is going on, i hope they are ok
he should be shot no sense in this
Where are all of the bystanders? Why is someone just taking a picture instead of
this is distressing she looks like she is being kidnapped
She needs to keep fighting.  I feel rage and fear for this person who is struggling.
This big man needs to get his butt kicked by this woman
it just looks like they are horsing aroung
I feel bad for this girl, she is being taken advantage of.
not hard to watch at all
Fight worthy. Want to jump in to action to assist female.
Frightening - it looks like this man is attempting to abduct this woman.
Not haooy, it looks like they;re fighting or she's being abducted, unsure
This is violent and a big fear as a woman.
He might be physically assaulting her. Not sure what the situation is.
What is going on? So many possibilities.  Stopping her from something or kidnapping.  B
I am angry. And hope the women escapes.
You go girl and fight as hard as you can. Get this monster off the street.
Looks like she's being kidnapped.
This girl is feeling so scared and so much fear. It is horrbile she is being taken
Anxiety and disgust and anger over what seems to be an abduction
I hope this woman is OK and not in any real distress or danger. I worry about her and what wi
It is very sad to see a man taking advantage of a woman. Hope she did not get kidnapped
That person looks like they are getting kidnapped.
A brawl. Probably too much to drink.
It looks like she is being forced into the van.
He looks like he's kidnapping her. I her she is ok
getting abducted or attacked
It looks like a woman is being forced into a van to be held hostage or kidnapped or somethin
Struggle.  Fear.  Sexual assault??
She looks like she is getting kidnapped.
Oh no. Fear. Scary. Kidnapping. Domestic dispute. She doesn't want to go.
upset, angry, no one should be pushing her like that.
confusing image
kidnapped into what appears to be a sex van. I fear for her
Looks like a kidnapping in progress
Poor woman. I hope she's not being kisnapped
difficult situation to be in
is this man trying to attack this woman?
Could be a demonstration but hopefullt this woman is actually safe and ni
Oh no! Fight back lady. Hopefully this is just practice or prevention.
Is this woman being kidnapped? Hope someone can help her.
stop him i hope she got away
Intrigued. Two men fighting. Don't feel much of anything.
scary, is this real though?
I am angry that a bigger person seems to be attacking someone smaller.
It looks dangerous. Who is fighting and why?
I'm angry. That man is harming that woman.
What is going on here?  Hopefully not being taken
This makes me apprehensive and angry.
anger, fear, wanting her to fight him
anger, fear, concern
I hope she is not beng forced into ths van! I wonder what is happenng
I feel angry that this man is appearing to take this woman, scary to think this happens. Hope she gets away!
Oh no, is this a kidnapping or what?
Kidnapping is one of my fears so I feel anxious looking at this. I tell myself it is fake to calm down.
i am reaaly scared for this lady.  she looks in a lot
Fear the woman about to be raped
So scary! kidnapping is another one of my greatest fears. can happen to
Don't understand what is going on here. A kidn
attempting kidnapping. always was my biggest fear growing up
Kidnapping or something similar - scary to think about and more prevalent than it seems
Oh no. I hope she isn't being taken. That's almost what it looks like
What's going on? Is that a woman he is trying to stuff in his van? Very scary!
I can not tell if this is a real struggle or not.  If it is the man should get in trouble
Looks like an abduction, so scary to t
I  hope the man is not a kidnapper. he is forcing the boy
I am disturbed and scared by this image. I am assuming this man is attacking this woman, since she is much smaller.
Is she being kidnapped? This is scary.
Scary, it was be horrible to be abducted.
This is terrifying. It looks like a kidnapping in progress. I am scared for this woman.
Looks fake. Like a reenactment
This is spooky. It's hard to know what's going on exactly--it could just be an awkward photo? Maybe they're friends wrestling.
It looks like that woman is being abducted, horrible. Such a scary thing.
It appears as though someone is being kidnapped. Such a scary image
He's attacking her or pulling her out of situation?
It looks like this is an abduction. Dang.
NO GET OFF HER YOU JERK OFF!
This person is being overpowered. I don't like this.
He looks like he's kidnapping her.
looks like he is kidnapping her, i feel sickened and disgusted.
Kick him and bite him
i am angry
The girl is frightened and trying to free herself of being attacked.
I am worried for the girl that is being kidnapped.
Anger. That woman is being kidnapped
I am angered by this abuse
this makes me very angry
Apparent attempted kidnapping.  Initial response is to intervene, or at least clarify the si
Scary! I hate that things like this happen.
Fear for the victim.
i can't stand a woman beater
looks like an act good lighting no effect
She looks scared and like she's really struggling, what a scary situation
Scary - looks like she is being kidnapped.  I wish I could help but afraid.
Serious fear! attempted kidnapping/rape? Sad.
Angry and frightened for this woman.  Looks like
woah looks like an abduction. help
Anger over her being abducted
Not sure how real this is and who’s photographing
that's scary, she's getting kidnapped!
This is scary, because I know this happens a lot
I don't feel much of anything. Hard to see what's going on
I hate seeing a man abusing a woman. This may be an abduction. Horrifying!
She is being restrained and I want to scream for help
Anger, urge to fight, she is getting kidnapped
It looks like someone is being kidnapped. This is distressing.
Very harsh
i think she looks frghtened
Oh no, is he trying to choke her?
Looks to be struggling, I wonder if they are playing around or this is real and they need help.
Scary if she is being taken/kidnapped.  It could be friends joking or could be a training exer
he is being pushed into a van, hope he gets away
The poor woman needs help. So sad
She is stronger than she looks. I hate this man.
i could sense fear in the woman
its not real so i dont feel anything
I hope she is actually kicking his ass
She looks like she is getting kidnapped/forced into the van. Though it also seems staged, so it's hard to really react to the picture. I feel mixed emotions about it.
Wrestling with a loved one can be good fun.
this lady has some anger issues. she is ready for a fight
Looks like he is attacking her i feel angry and upset. Kidnap?
This woman looks like she's being kidnapped but she doesn't look very afraid
I feel terrified as kidnapping and possible rape are one of my biggest fears and he's so much bigger and stronger
This makes me fearful for the woman, it would seem something bad is about to happen to her like be abducted or rare
I'm feeling angry that this woman is being kidnapped.
Looks like guy is trying to hurt woman and she's trying to break free.
I am angry about this person and what they are doing to the woman.
After saw this image I feel very angry. Everyone has to protect girls
I am fearful this woman is being kidnapped.
This is terrifying I am scraed for the woman being attacked and abducted. The stuff of nightmares
scary, looks like a kidnapping in progress. May be acting though.
fearful seeing someone try to take advantage of a young woman
A moment of resistance.
I am angry that he is trying to force her to do something she does not want to do!
What's he doing? Why pinning her down?
A woman getting kidnapped.  Anger and fear for her safety.
kidnapping?
Disturbing. This brings me fear
I don't like the looks of this.
She is being abducted and is very scared as she is struggling to get away but is not strong enough to.
this looks staged, but if it's not, very scary. what are they doing
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
fierce, moments to react, danger
angry, mad, sad
this looks fake. an attack. presentational probably.
I feel sad for this woman. She appears to be being subdued by the man. I feel cautious.
Curious. Angry. Upset.
This makes me feel like defending this woman. She needs help.
A man kidnapping a woman. This is worst
Woman being attacked and thrown into a van. Makes me angry.Iwant to help her!
woman being kidnapped
A lady abused to the sex for
Ima, afraid for her
This person is being dragged against their will, I hope they make it home safely and survive.
Looks like a scripted "kidnapping"
He looks like he's kidnapping her or fighting her.   Scary
Assault, power over, rape, kidnapping
Terrifying abduction.
Looks like a scary situation
Looks like she is being kidnapped, but this also looks staged.
Looks like a kidnapping.
She looks terrified. Possible abduction?
scary
She looks distressed, like she is being put into the van by force and trying to get away. I feel worried for her.
She looks like she’s being kidnapped but it could be fake
come on girl push that guy off you!!
Scary but
Looks fake, hopefully.
Drunk falling on s
Damn. That is gross.
looks like he is taking a beating.  hurts me to look at him.
This makes me feel like I got punched.
Boxing.  One of the problems with this sport.
Disgusted. Why do people watch that. It is barbar
Never understood why people box.
This is gross and I feel bad for this guy.
I have sympathy for how painful that must be
doesn
How unfortunate. He looks like he was beaten to death.
Ridiculous. He signed up for that.
serious fight they have gloves so boxing but still intense
Ouch, this looks like it hurts and will be a significant injury to recover from!
that boxer sure did take a beating.
ouch
hope for no permeant damage
Getting beat up, looks rough
he picked the wrong profession
Bloody gorey stupid men being macho asses.
That's a painful hit in a boxing match! Ouch!! FFS
the blood spurting otu of his eye looks really bad and disgusting like he was in a big boxing fight.
Rocky! My husband boxes, so this isn't too terrifying, but I worry about his head.
This looks like a prfessional.  They are probably earning money and entertaining people.
i imagine being a boxer is aw
He must be in a lot of pain and feel sad that he's defeated.
Sad looks like he is in fight and injured
This guy looks like he just got knocked out. My face hurts looking at this
He looks like he's in pain from just getting punched. This looks like it hurt a lot.
The man's face looks hurt, it is difficult to look at. It looks painful.
This guy must be in pain.  He needs to be taken to a hospital :(
Guy is about to be KO'd! Hopefully nothing too serious
This boxer has really been beat on. I hoped they stopped the fight.
Somebody needs to call this fight. He's taken enough abuse!
Looks like a boxer.
I feel like I am watching a boxing movie, so not concerned.
I  bet he was shot.
boxing is such a dumb sport.  It should be bad.
Taking a beating by choice
ouch.  why.
I'm really nt into boxing, it's a brutal sport played by morons
Boxing match. I don't like bo
Ok, this is a function of the job. He knew this was possible. I don't feel bad for him
this man looks to be in a boxing match. I'm sure he was sore after this
If this is a boxing match, I've never understood the appeal.
Major boxing fight which this guy may or not be winning
Reminds me of a boxing match.  Looks
This looks like a painful strike. I would not want to feel this punch.
he chose to fight, not sad at all
Painful. Can almost feel the punch.
Ouch. I don't like watching boxing or any kind of fighting.
Bad wound while fighting. Happens a lot though
This is from the movie Raging Bull. A great film. This is a blow.
Violent sport. Yet people seem to like it. Not a fan of boxing or kickboxing.
Ouch! But its their profession.  hope no major concussion
That must hurt. Ouch. Hope he doesn’t loose an eye or anything.
Why would someone put themselves through this beating.
Boxer got punched
This person looks out of it. This look like that persons punch hurt so bad
This appears to be a still from Ragin Bull. It doesn't make me feel anything.
This person looks like they have been through one hell of a fight and I feel as if their struggle is intense, hard, and painful
This looks like a boxing match but this man is clearly in pain from being hit multpiple times
This person got the living beat out of them.
A boxer getting beaten pretty bad. His choice.
I looks like a boxing match,DUMB sport.
Looks like he is about to pass out from pain and damage. Terrible sport
boxer getting hit like he agreed to be
This is a boxer who is losing  or already lost. Stop the fight !!
Brutality.   Senseless violence.  Bloody rage
ew i don't like seeing blood like that. i never wants my kids to do a sport lie this
Ouch. Bloody. Gruesome. Maybe from a violent movie.
sad, angry that people do that to themselves.
really scary
boxer just got a punch to the face, blood spatters, gross
Ouch! This person is in a lot of physical pain.
Ouch! That looks painful and tiring.
i can feel the pain of the impact. brutal
boxing is
Boxing and MMA fighting is no joke. I'd hate to be in this guys place right now.
Looks like this hurt a good bit. I just don't get boxing or wrestling. It's crazy to go through that!
I don't understand why people want to box for a living.
movie set boxing is vilolent
The brutality of fighting is something I've never gotten used to.
boxing, looks like that will leave an ugly mark. should called that fight before now
I am shocked that people participate in this sport.
Boxing is a dangerous sport. Hope he recovers.
This is gross. I'm disgusted people would do this for sport.
OUCH!!  It is a tough sport.  Makes me cringe.
Curious and kind of disgusted.  Why?
grossed out.  Why do people choose this for sport
disgust
This looks very panful. I know his recovery will be rough
Grossed out by the blood, hopefully he isn't too badly injured.
Ouch that has to hurt with all that blood.
He looks like he is in pain and I feel sorry for him. I would not be able to handle pain like that.
He looks like he took a serious blow.  I fear for his safety.
Boxing match he chose to be there its ok
This is an action shot of a boxer getting punched, pretty brutual and a lot of blood yuck
Disgust.  I despise this sport.
boxing matches are exciting but scary thriller also. hurt
Looks like a boxing fight- they go into it knowing this is a possibility
Bloody, but looks like he will be ok
A bad knockout. How painful. Still, he agreed to the fight. Very brutal.
This is the result of boxing and they put themselves in that situation so it doesn't bother me as much if it were someone getti
Is he a boxer, so bloody and beaten,
This man must be a boxer, but he needs urgent medical attention.
I find it upsetting. I wonder if this is boxing because the black thing looks like a glove. If so, I hope that h
This is the worse. He is dead. It is sickening and scary.
It hurts to see people bloody and injured
This guy has taken a  beating. I feel sorry for him. I worry he may pass out.
Ouch!
This is gnarly. I just watched a UFC fight last night, so not that shocking. But that guy is cut bad.
Boxing injury, looks cinematic. Not real, not concerned.
looks like someone taking part in a boxing match. I hope that he won considering the injury
Boxing. terrible injury,  This shouldn't be a thing.
Ouch! That cut looks pretty bad. I hurt for him.
Looks like he lost a boxing match. Ouch.
Ouch! Is he boxing someone? Did he deserve it?
Boxing I guess.  Gonna happen.
This looks like a boxing match so he knew what was going to happen, not sorry for him.
He lost the fight
he got hit by a tough punch
It looks gross and he's probably in a lot of pain
The blood is gross in this picture
Nothing. This is a scene from a movie
Feel sorry for the guy getting beat in boxing.
that's a brave guy
That probably hurt, a LOT.  Glad it isn't me.  Reminder of how violent w
That looks so painful.
Sick to my stomach that someone would want to fight
man that's gotta hurt, i hate the blood going everywhere
looks painful but this is not jarring to me.
looks gruesome, he looks like a boxer in a match
Awful.  He has gotten punched and it makes me feel pained and nauseated
Yuck! The concept of boxing is sick.
Looks like a boxing match.  Part of the sport.
wow, boxing scene
Looks like a boxing fight. Blood is common during a fi
Gross. This is why I can’t watch boxing
ew his eye, its very gross and I fell bad for him
That looks very painful, but also something they signed up for
I feel bad for the guy getting hit, but that's boxing
A brutal beating in the ring, but he signed up for it. I don't get why anyone would.
He is boxing and receiving a very violent blow not healthy
Hard hit, looks like boxing match. Awed by the power in a punch. pain
This looks like a boxer getting beat up.
Very unconcious
being tortured
Ooh, that must hurt!
This looks to be the seens of a movie. Looks to be painful and like he’s fighting. Looks
Looks like a boxer fighting, and he has gotten hit pretty hard to start bleeding
looks like he was beat up badly
The guy look like he took a mean hook!
Yikes! Boxing is very intimidating so this guy is tough
Yikes. The head trama that this man received
hes gonna hurt bad, but he is paid
Yuck,  why do people put themselves through this
Scene from the movie Raging Bull? No negative emotion, except for the gore I suppose.
Boxing is neat, but dangerous.  Amazing more people don't die during it.
this guy looks like he was in a nasty fight. maybe boxing? He should not have been involved. what a terrible sport
Looks like a boxer is losing a fight. Kinda gross i would hope none of his blood splashed o
I know that man, that's Robert De Niro in Raging Bull
This looks so painful but also I don't really feel bad for him because he chose this profession
That looks painful but he is doing a sport
Gross but pretty typical of boxing.
Looks like a movie scene of a boxer bring hit in slow motion
I can feel the pressure of this hit on the side of my head. It makes me turn away.
After saw this image I feel very motivated. It reminds me a motivating situation
I feel excited and scared. Looks like a boxing match.
THis looks painful and violent I bet that hurt but it loo
I can see pain. This boxer is going through it. Ouch!
looks so painful and disgusting
This is very violent
This is horrible. I feel disgusted if he chose this by boxing
Looks like he's in a boxing match.
I feel mortified at how he is beaten, but it is his jo
looks like a scene from Rocky
Ouch. Boxing must be tough
This is a devastating blow. He will feel this later, for sure.
Is he even aware he is getting knocked out? Such a violent sport to play
i don't mind watching fights. consentual violence is not the same as a murder scene.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
dramatic movie, acting, force
looks painful, messy
pian. training for fight.
Ouch! That looks like it hurts a lot! The blood spraying really makes me cringe on this one. Boxing is so violent!
One heck of a boxing hit. I'm sure that hurts.
This makes me feel grossed out but not sad since it's part of the sport
A boxing is shown on the image. This is good.
Punch drunk. Too much brain damage; i don't know why they insist on boxing
boxing fight he got punched in the eye
A man attack for other person
Dude got knocked out
that hurts, ouch
This dude is taking a beating and should probably give up.
Got he was smacked hard.  I wonder if he will be okay.
how painful this looks to be hit like that
pain, endurance, physical strength, sacrifice
Upsetting. I hope he is okay.
Looks painful
Shot from a boxing match maye? Makes me feel a little bit of adrenaline.
Might be a boxing match. Looks painful
Maybe a boxing match. Whatever it is, it looks so painful. Poor guy.
boxing is a brutal sport
He looks like he was just hurt in a boxing match. That must hurt a lot.
That looks like it hurt
boxing is such a violent sport damn poor guy
Its just a sport everyone gets hurt at some point
I think he's losing.
Looks beat up bad
Well, what a showman.
deadly fire.  No way out.  horrible way to die.
I hate this, so painful and terrif
This looks like a bad stunt.  Very scarry.  Not a good way to die.
Is this a stunt? Is it real? Confused and sc
What!?  Fake.
oh my, this is very frightening and shocking.
I hope this is a professional stuntman, still dangerous and ballsy. Couldn't be me! Imagine the heat!
I don't feel anything looks too fake but interesting
Der devil stunt
That's messed up. Freaks me out
looks like a stunt man pulling off a trick if he did it pretty cool.
This looks almost unreal, like a movie or stunt. Horrific if real, I hope not!
This appears to be a stunt man on set of a movie
this doesnt look real
burning pain all over
thats awful
i hope that's stunt person
Terrified. Scared. Pain. Horror.
Well, there's either a brave guy or a foolish dingle-dork.
this biker going through the flames looks like he is a stunt performer. it would be sad if he were not in that job.
Ack! I wouldn't do this, but this looks like something they're paid to do. Like a daredevil or stuntman.
This looks like a stunt man.  Hope they know what they are doing.
I feel terror watching this person fully engulfed in flames
This makes me feel extremely anxious. I don't know if he is putt
Terrifying body burning
This looks like a stunt man doing a cool trick. I am impressed
I imagine this is a stunt double, so this image doesn't really upset me as I image in
Wow, it is a crazy scene. I hope the person is ok. It is
Oh my, this is terrible.  That guy has to be burning alive.
Ouch! Hopefully a stuntman!
Being on fire has to be a horrible feeling.  Very intense pain.
Daredevil. I wonder if her was hurt.
I feel skeptical about the reality of this picture.
Fires are the worst causes of death, I can feel
This looks like a stuntman from an action movie.  I bet it's a bad movie.
How is he keeping his balance?  He should be dead.
Wow, what a terrifying stunt.  Hope they make it out ok.
this looks like a stunt man doing a stunt for a movie, i'm not sure
I cant imagine this at all so terrible
Wow. I can't tell if that's protective gear or
oh that must have been hot! and that would be so scary. that intense heat
Ouch Ouch Ouch That is horrific.
Awesome fire stunt by professional motorist
oh gosh.  I dont see him making it through th
I feel negatively when look at this. This person might be f
Horrific to be in this situation.
Painful. Not sure how this occurred
I feel terrible for this person because they are obviously on fire!
Well that's unfortunate. Woof. Not sure theyll live
This is both a visually amazing photo and so disturbing.
The picture almost looks fake. I wonder if it's real.
What on earth? Is this real or CGI? Real, god help them.
This could be some amazing stunt?
So horrific. I can't imagine the pain. Unless this is a prank.
Someone caught on fire or going through a hard time.
This is insane. Why is someone doing this? The person on fire is crazy
Excitement and slight awe.
I cannot imagine what a horrible way it must be to perish while riding a bicycle and having your flesh seared off entirely
This looks like the worst kind of pain. Cannot imagine burning alive.
A person on fire. This looks like it could be a stunt.
The worst possible death of all kind. Unbelievable!!
I hope this isn't real. That is massive danger.
This is probably the most painful thing someone could go through. I hope they are okay
maybe a stunt?
It honestly loooks awesome like Ghost Rider or something. It definitely looks like a stunt
Horrifying.  Heat and pain.  Skin crawling
must be a stunt man. hope he knows what he's doing.
What's going on? Confusion. Is this a stunt? Is he in danger?
Very disturbing. Very scary, hard to look at.
woah this is crazy
this is excruciating pain, I can barely look at it
Oh my god. This person is going to die. Awful!
What the hell..I hope this is a stunt cause ouch
looks like a stunt
dare devil , stunt rider ?
This must be a movie set or some daredevil type stuff. Guy looks fine. Hs to be a stuntman,
This looks super dangerous. I hope the person's OK. That's got to sting a bit.
Is this person really riding a bike through fire?
ouch thats going to leave a mark. why is he on fir
I cannot believe this . Is it a stunt?
looks like some kind of stunt, crazy dangerous person
I am amazed at this person cycling through fire.
This is hell. What is happening??
Intense fear. is that a trick or real?
My stomach hurts.  I couldnt even imagine.
I hope this person isn't hurt!  So much fear and shock, and pain.
shock, curiosity, concern
fear, thrilled
I hope this is a stunt double. Thoses flames are terrfying!!
This fire looks scary. I'm confused how person is still on bike
Wow is this a stunt because it looks pretty cool.
This gives me a little anxiety. Burning alive has to be so painful. This looks like special effects though.
Ohhhhh no!  Yhis looks painful I am feeling anxious
Fear sad confusion maybe a stunt
what is happening! that is so scary but i am confused, hoping not a child :(
Unspeakable horror. Looks like a stunt, possibly.
fire stop drop and roll get off that bike fast buddy
Wow this would be horrible to experience! terrifying
To be honest, this looks like special effects. A corpse can't ride a bike
Oh my God. Is this a "stunt". How dangerous. Really scary!
This looks terrible, but I can't help but wonder if it is a stunt actor and is protected with
Scary how much fire, terrifying to think someone was in it
Wow! this is kind of ghst rider. i hope you are alive
This is very frightening to look at, but I assume that it is a stunt of some kind. So my emotions are strong but not necessarily negative
Oh my God. Why is this happening? How is he on fire but riding a bike?
How painful..I cannot image being burned.  horrible
This is shocking and horrific to look at. This person must be in excrucating pain and near deat
Looks very hot. Wouldnt want to be that person
This is pretty cool. This looks like a planned stunt photo, just based on the helmet/goggles. These kinds of stunts can actually be surprisingly safe.
Cool stunt, looks awesome.
looks like a stuntman performing for a show or movie. not too scary
Horrible horrible!  Such pain!  Innocent person.
Holy crap! This person rode through fire? This hu
Oh my god
Woah! Is this real? Crazy and surprising.
Is this a stunt person?
A ball of fire, either this is an amazing stunt or has gone horribly wrong. A lit
that is gonna hurt
this is a breathtaking picture
Looks scary and very hot. Must be from a movie
not upsetting. This looks like a stunt
Horrified. Man is on fire. Hope it’s just a stunt
Absolute horror that this person is burning to a crisp.
hope this is a stunt or something
This person is crazy.  I hope they are okay.  Fire is primal.
what on earth is going on here?
This is a stunt.  So I have no emotion
oh my gosh why is he on fire?
Looks like a cool but dangerous stunt.
i wonder if this is a stunt actor, otherwise would be a scary situation
This is HORRIFYING.  Scary and awful!
Confused. Wondering if it is a stunt rather than a tragic situation.
Wow!  This looks painful.  I don't get what is going on, c
fear, one of my biggest fears is burning alive.
Aw that someone could still be on the bike. Looks like some typ
Fascinating view of a volcano
go my god! that is horrible for that guy!
When someone says hell, this is the image that will come to mind. So much pain.
This is hard to look at. I can't imagine what that person feels like
Frightening, but perhaps this is just a stunt and the rider is protected?
This person will definitely die and I wonder if it was done on purpose
Nervous, looks intentional from safety suit. Amazed, in awe why?
Looks like a big fire.
burning the person
boy being burned alive
Yikes yikes yikes, I don't think he'll survive. Unless it's a carnival trick?
Is that a real image. Is that a person? If so looks incredi
Hot! Would be extremely hot near a fire like that.  Looks to be escaping or a stunt person possibly
that is an awful picture to look at
I don't how to feel
This is scary but looks like a stunt.
I'm sure this is a lot of pain, especially if its not on a movie set
that looks like its gonna hurt. hope hes ok
Stunt driver doing his job
Looks like a stunt, an homage to Ghost Rider. He seems to have on a kevlar suit, I think he will be fine. Not realistic.
Looks like a stunt.  I would never do something like this, but to each his own.
this makes me think someone is doing some sort of trick but it didn't turn out as they expected. they are not surviving that no way. makes me sad.
Looks cool looks like a daredevil going through so e fire
that looks like a crazy stunt probably done for a movie, that's brave
I feel numb to this because even though it's shocking it just looks like a movie stunt
looks like a movie scene
I hope he's wearing a fireproof suit!
Very scary. I'm very scared of fire.
My skin crawls at this image of pain and suffering.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
This is scary, and looks like a stunt. My heart is racing.
Absolutely terrifying and horrific this is hard to look at AWFUL
Amazing looking picture, I can't tell if this is a stunt or someoneis actually suffering.
such a crazy stunt to be pulled off
This looks like a stunt.
dismayed that this person would choose this if it is a stunt.
Woah, daredevil stunt?
Horrific!  riding thru flames
stunt man
Very disturbing. That look painful for the person. I’m not sure how that
This seems like it would be a bad way to die.
Scary to think about being burnt alive. Hope this is a stunt and not some terrorist attack
that is an exciting stunt! looks like it probably went well.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
wild new idea or stunt with a lot of fire, more than nrmal
looks like a movie, stunt man
pian. escape. surviving. driven.
I feel faint upon seeing this. A body engulfed in fire is terrifying. My heart is skipping.
This looks like a planned stunt. Very interesting. Strangely beautiful. Oddly horrifying.
This looks absoutely painful.
This is about A fire accident. Very good pict
Omg TERRIFYING. Is this rotten.com?! Wow. These images are sos cary. Man on FIRE.
Man on bike on fire looks like a stunt
A man cycling in the fire
That looks so painful
that's got to be painful riding a bike on fire, the person may die and suffocate
a person on fire riding a bike.
God that looks like hell.  Terrible
looks intense and scary
Stunt, skill, riding, dare-devil
Burning man. Possibly a stunt person. Very brave
Looks cool
This reminds me of the Buddhist monk that burned himself alive.
possibly a stunt performer
THis is terrible. It has to be immensely painful. Poor guy.
trick rider?
That must be painful. Hopefully it's a stunt of some sort or fake.
This looks awful what is going on
daredevil ? hopefully its a trick
This looks fake
Looks like a stunt, scary for them if it's not.
Real or a stunt man
Some cultures are just too bizarre.
painful.  looks like he is being tortured.  sad
This looks painful and gross.
Looks like tribal torture.  Nothing I would like to have done to me
Ouch. Why?. Gross why do that volu
Is this cultural?  Can’t imagine doing this.
That is disgusting and not sure why anyone wants to do this.
Painful experience, I wonder if this is voluntary for a ritual or as a punishment for this man. He o
wonder. interesting
Some cultures do this for religious reasons.
Oh that's gross. Why??? Nope
the pole through lip and his face is yuck it could be a riteual but
Oh my goodness, this is brutal. I really hope this wasn't inflicted on purpose.
this looks like some far away land tribal ritual
confused. Why would you do something
ouch that hurts
ouch that's awful, he's suffering
why? just why?
Ouch! Wtaf is happening here. Why? Nausea.
ha! well, that's normal stuff in tribes all over certain parts of the world. Not too bad -- not for me though...
this looks like it really hurts to have this rod going through his lips like that. very uncomfortable.
That looks painful, but also, I think he agreed to this.
Oh yikes, that had to hurt bad.  Was it a punishment or a cultural thing?
I feel disgusted and very upset looking at this gross picture of the hole in his lip
This is disturbing and I cannot imagine the pain he's feeling.
Gross and painful
This makes me want to throw up in my mouth. Poor guy
He looks like he's in pain, and it looks uncom
Oh my goodness. That looks so painful. I could not imagine.
Yuck, this looks like he is being tortured.  This has to be paintful.
Ouch! Looks like it hurts!
I feel for this person.  This seems extremely painful.
Holy crap! That looks super painful! Ouch!
Gross.
I feel disgusted and avoidant.
Dos this even look real///
looks like a native body shaping rule.  I bet this is very appealing in his culture
Why?  Just why?
Ouch, this looks incredibly painful.
looks like a cultureal tradition, i don't get it but they must like it
this is unreal how pain fullit mus
It's a cultural thing. It looks uncomfortable.
ouch. that looks extremely painful
Is this torture? Humans can be so cruel
Strange custom but I guess some tribes still do these types of t
Oh my looks like abuse or torture.  Look
OH this looks painful and awful, uncomfortable!
Horrible but tribal and normal for him
Painful. Wince worthy. Torture.
Ouch this looks like it would hurt very much!
Yuck, heck no, how is that not painful. Must be a cultural thing
This looks so painful. I wonder why this man is putting himself through pain.
Ouch! That looks painful!
Ouchie.  Either stunt gone wrong or its tribal related.
That looks like it hurts. I wouldn’t want to be him. Ouch
why put yourself through this? is it torture or what?
A weird way to gage your lip.
This had to hurt so bad. I feel terrible for the person. This person has to be in so much pain
This looks very uncomfortable and a bit disgusting.
I wonder how painful it was to have this done to your tongue and what led to this moment.
This man is clearly in pain which is sad.
That looks very painful. A torture method?
I can't imagine anyone doing that to their body.
Oh No! that looks painful
Thus looks like a very painful thing to do. I feel sorry for him
punishment very painf
what in the blue hell is that ?  Why would someone do that ?
Tribal.  Pain.  Past process.  Traditional
looks painful but i'm sure it's some type of tradition or culture thing
Ouch! Pain. Shocking. He looks miserable. Why did this happened. Cruel punishme
Looks painful but I know that's a rite of some countries.
honestly cant look at this
ouch looks incredibly painful is this a cultural practice or an accident very painful
OMG! This looks awful! Must really hurt!
I don't know if it's torture or tradition. Gross
the cruelty is mind boggling
I've read articles about tribes that do
This is shocking. Is this a cultural thing? Weird.
This looks extremely painful and I feel sad for the guy. He must be hurting!
wow, is his tongue stuck on the stick? Ouch
he must be punished. this looks so painf
Disgust. I cannot believe that people do this themselves.
some kind of custom tradition, self inflicted
I feel a bit of unease at looking at this picture. I feel uncomfortable.
Tribal traditions are strange. They're used to
i don't understand. I'm curious but he doesn't look h
OH OUCH!! What in the world happened.  Looks so painful!
I can't imagine how this happened.  Fear and curiosity.  Poor man
grossed out.  this is barbaric
disgust, horror
Was this done intentenally=Looks v
Painful, is this part of the culture to pierce lip? Poor kid, sympathy
The man looks to be in pain with the big tube through his bottom lip.
This makes me feel uncomfortable. I know it is probably fake, but it is unnatural.
OMG!  i physically hurt for this man
Not bad this is by choice.
I had to look away, I think it's on purpose?? I dont understand but other culture mau
Um, what the H***. This looks self inflicted.
cultures are all unique. Possibly a traditional cerem
Stretching your piercings is not very strange to me.
The practice is common in some tribes, but the man looks in pain.
Gross. He did this on purpose and is following his culture's rituals. But gross!
This is disgusting and I do not understand why this is a tradition it is gross
Ow, how did that happen? He looks in pain
I am sure this wickedness associated to a particular tribe.
I find it upsetting that this person did that. I hope that it was their choice and not something forced upon them. Either way, it looks incredibly painful and I don't like to see it.
Nasty. Is this like him trying to make his tongue hole bigger?
If he did this himself I don't feel sorry, If it is a punishment
This man is in a lot of pain but maybe he has chosen to undergo this. I'm
Bet that hurts
Yuck. I know body piercings are a common practice, but this just looks so uncomfortable and unnecessary. I hope he gets some status out of it at least.
oooof hate it hate it is that a punishment or a ritual to get the lip ring. Gross, painful, horrible...
This is unbelievable. absolutely terrible
Eeew!  Guess this is volutary, but disgusting.  Why
Ouch! This looks really painful. I hurt looking at him.
What the heck did he DO? Ew...
Gross, I wonder what happened here.
This looks like torcher.  Or it cou
wow that looks painful! Feeling disturbed and disgusted
I hope this is not some rite of passage
this is disgusting
This picture is horrible . The man is probably in a lot of pain and is scared
disturbed. idk if this is a ritual or not. hard to look at
Intrigued. Don’t know if this is torture or ritual
Sheer grossed out, can't even look for more than a se
what the hell this is messed up
Ouch.  It is their decision/tradition, so trying not to judge.  Would not want to experience it personally.
What is going on here? Ouch!!
Very cool.  Other peoples traditions are awesome
so painful looking, why would anyone do this?
That looks painful but he seems to enjoy it.
confused, but no negative reaction
Grossed out and horrified.  Looks painful and pointless.
Yuck! That's gross.
Ouch!  How did this happen?
painful. indigenous person somewhere in the world
Stupidity of people never ceases to amaze me.
Oh gosh, disgusting
ouch, that looks like it hurt
This one made me physically cringe
This is strange but not really upsetting. It looks intentional
Horrifying torture. Did this man submit voluntarily, or is this an act of violence?
This guy is upset and he looks uncomfortable and wanting a change
tribal tradition. curiosity, want to know location and culture
It looks like this person is uncomfortable.
The person was Aurgent
being tortured - very sad
Ooh that must have been painful to create. But probably doesn't hurt anymore.
This looks incredibly painful and disturbing. I do. It like looking at this
Looks like it would hurt, but some cultures pierce body parts
what an awful picture, he is being tortured
This is not right!
Oh gross! Why is this appealing? Id be ok never seeing this
oh my, thats painful. he looks distressed too
this is culture... but lacks common sense
I cant tell if he did this himself or this was done to him
I wonder if this is a ritual in which he chooses to elongate/mutilate himself, or if it is a punishment. I suspect the former. Still, gross.
Ouch.  Is this torture or tribal body modification?
I feel like this guy has had some sort of terrible punishment for something. I feel bad for him.
That looks painful and gross i feel kinda grossed out. And also baffles why?
Dude just has a mouth piercing and is trying to gauge it
Ouuuuch that looks so painful I can almost feel it and would be sad to permanently be disfigure
it looks like a terrible torture method sad
He looks like he's in so much pain!
It's hard to look at. Isthis punishment or a choice?
This makes my stomach turn over.
After saw this image I feel very sad. It reminds me a disgusting situation
I feel bad, this man looks uncomfortable. Unsure if he is being punished by a
I feel shocked and cringy. This looks painful and torturing
Pain,  it looks like a cultural thing, but still looks painful to look at.
ugh so awful to imagine the pain
This is weird and primitive.
A little taken aback, but that is a cultural custom in some pl
Is it their choice to pierce their lip?
Just awful.  This was hard to look at.
self piercing? impalled?
That looks uncomfortable. Makes me cringe a li
That is really bad. Why are they making us see this stuff?
Ouch. That must really hurt. I can't imagine the pain.
body modification to the maximum. looks very painful.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
possibly real, torture ritual, test
ouch. how did that happen? was it on purpose?
woag! is this tribal or consequence
This is infinitely disturbing, as the man appears to have a pipe through his tongue.
Was this intentional? No bleeding.
This makes me feel ill since its gross
A boy tounge is damaged by some thing
Omg please tell me he didnt do this on purpose. This is so gross
Tub through his lips
A man scared the lips
That looks like torture
ouch that hurts! how did he do it
person who had something shoved through their lip. Looks painful.
Damn the pain.  HIs mouth will never fix
gross looks painful and so disgusting
Culture, tradition, endurance
Ouch! That looks painful, but it is their culture.
That is unpleasant
Other cultures re fascinaTING
It looks like this guy is possibly being punished.
That looks like it hurts a whole bunch
I intially feel shocked and that  this must hurt the mean. He appears to be in pain based on his eyes. Howe
This is shocking and really uncomfortable
gross. looks painful
It looks like this is on purpose
Think it's a tradition, still must hurt like hell.
Looks like he must be on some
I can only imagine the pain and agony the
crash.  at least there are survivors.  fear and relief
I hope there were more survivors than deaths.
I am always worried about plane crashes when flyo
Scared. I am scared for them. It is horrible to go through a
Tragic and heartbreaking. Thankfully many were safe.
I feel very sad and upset for these people.
Safe landing from a broken plane. Safety measures used, most people survived. Stressful to see the damage in the background and smoke
I am terrified.  My biggest fear.
They look worn out. They have gone thru it.
Horror and anxiety. How terrifying that would be
bad plane crash great some people survived but the mental pain for them will be tough
Relief but fear and devastation for survivors, looks so scary impossible to im
survivors of a plane crash !  I would be so miserable
relief. it looks like everyone got out ok
at least many are able to walk away
Hope everyone is okay, scary
that's not so bad. look at all the survivors.
Scared. Worried. I hate planes. Lonely
Oh no, plane crash. Looks like a lot of people survived though. So that's good news.
that is an amazing fireball. i hope nobody was hurt here in this plane crash.
So bad. I hope they're ok. But this is traumatic. I hope children weren't onboard.
These people have been through a horrible experience.  DId they have plane trouble or was it
i am terrified of flying and this picture is so scary
This must be devastating to be in an accident like this.
Sad and scary
This makes me feel scared. I am terrified of flying on a plane
This looks so scary, but it seems like a lot of the passengers got off ok.
These people look like they've been through something horrible, I feel bad for them.
Horrific plane crash.  Those people must be traumatized.  I can't even imagine.
Horrible event. Such tragedy
This seems very stressful and traumatic.  Frightening experience.
Whoa, a plane crash. It's like a nightmare.
I feel very worried about this disaster.
The plane crash looks scary, hope no one di
Looks like survivors of a plane crash.  I wonder how many people died.
Whoa.  Can't imagine what it's like to go through that.
wow horrible accident, what a miracle that they survived.
a really bad plane tragedy, i really feel bad for those people having to deal wih that
Oh my gosh. looks like some survived though
At least the passengers made it out safely. I'm never flying again, though.
that is scaryevent but glad to see there were suvivors/
I cannot believe this many people walked away from this.  That is incredible.
Big time crash has injured many and few have di
Oh no it is terrible.  So glad a lot of p
This looks so frightening. At least it looks like there are many survivors.
Happy to see so many without injury here
Terrible accident, but relief in seeing so many people able to walk away with limited injuries
How horrible. This looks like a terrible airplane crash. Hope everyone is okay.
That's sad but it looks like most everybody made it off safely
Walking away from the disaster and I'm sure they are glad to be alive.
I can't imagine going through this. I always think of this possibility when flying.
Oh my goodness.  I hope the landing was okay and no one was seriously injured.
This is sad and one of my worst nightmares.
Hope there are many saved from this horrible crash.
Looks like a sad tragedy for those people
This is such a horrific event. Everyone has to be so scared
It elicits immediate anxiety, as
I wonder what happened to this plane that resulted in such a tragic accident and how these people will go on after experiencing this accident and pain
It is sad that they were in a plane crash, but I am happy they are alive
This looks horrible. Plane crashes are the worse and it makes me feel sad.
A plane crash is horrible and these people survived
I see fear in everyone's eyes. I cannot imagine bein
I am glad there are survivors of the crash. And i hope nobody died
bad plane crash
This is horrible  its a miracle people are walking away though
Accident.  Death but survival.  Hope for some
Luckily they didn't crash but those people look scared and exhausted.
Fear. Scary. Glad there are survivors of the plane crash.
horrible plane crash
plane crash, very unlikely to happen but also super scary when it does
I'm glad there are a lot of surviviors. Hope theyr
Wow! Lucky to be a live from a plane crash.
really traumatizing
all least their were suvivors, of the
The worst fear. Oh my goodness. Hopefully they got everybody out!
Wow! Thank God people survived. That's truly a miracle.
Glad there were a lot of survivors from the plane crash.
i glad they survived looks like the plane is ints
Feeling the hooror these passengers just went through
I hope everyone survived. probably not though
I feel relief that so many people have survived this plane crash.
Planes are dangerous. Hope everyone made it out alive.
relief it's down but worried about loss of life
How scary to be on that plane.  I hope all the passengers
So scary!  I have nightmares about this kind of thing.
sadness, glad for survivors, I woul
relief, horror, anger
This is my biggest fear!  hope everyone was okay!
Fearful of planes crashing, hopefully no one seriously injured
Wow a plane crash terrible Im glade people survived.
I feel scared for them as I cant imagine what being in a plane crash could feel like.
I am fearful for these people, they look in trouble
Horrible sad feeling of a plain wreck hope everyone is ok
This is traumatizing one of my biggest fears is experiencing a plane crash
Distressing, makes me not want to fly.
plane crash are scary. reminds me of 9/11 maybe
That's sad and triggers thoughts of other more known plane crashes. Glad people seem to be okay.
Terrible accident. Sorry to see the pain on people's faces.
What a horrible accident. So much suffering! How devastating
This is horrible and the people involved must be so afraid and worried about other loved ones that were on the plane
Being in a plane crash seems so scary. So glad it looks like so
This is so sad to see the victims of plane crash.
This is upsetting to look at. Plane crashes sound unimaginably scary. These people all look so distressed and frightened. I wonder how many
It was a plane crash. They are escaping I think. Everyone looks ok though.
Horrifying to anyone who flys but thankful that so many walking away.
This is a sad picture. I am scared of plane crashes. These people must be so shaken up/
Very scary. Cant imagine
It's sad these people crashed. It looks like a lto survived though, so that's good.
Terrifying plane crash, I'm shoccked so many people apparently survived. I'm sure there are injuries
I feel bad for the people involved. so scary
Escaping plane crash.  Scary.  Glad there ARE survivors.
I hope no one died in this plane crash. Horrible!
That poor plane.
This looks like a bad plane crash. Probably so many victims.
I hope no one died in the plane.  Many survived it looks like.
that is a horrific accident. i feel sad for these people, and happy at the same time.
At least they landed the plane with out too much dama
I feel sorry for the people
Everyone looks scared and some are hurting
I feel these passengers must be very stressed and scared
Sadness. But also relieved for the people that got away
I am scared for the survivors in hars
relieved so many people seem to be okay
Horrifying.  I hope everyone is okay.  So little control.
Scary. I'm glad they survived
Scared. How many people are hurt
heartwrenching, this hurts me bad
Sad and one of my worse nightmares.
I hope no one was seriously hurt. looks like a lot of people were able to walk away at least
This is an incredibly scary situation but i am so glad they were get out
Scary that a plane crashed but HAPPY there are survivors!
Scared for these people.  Plane crashes are scary.
scary thought. people dont ususally survive plane crash
horrible tragedy.
So terrible. This is a devastating crash
wow I hope everyone is ok, maybe some are not and I feel bad
They look grateful to be alive, looks scary
I feel terrible as this looks like a deadly airplane crash
A horrible plane crash. These people survived, but they'll be scared for years.
These people are lucky to be alive but traumatized
amazed they are walking away. scary situation. sad for t
Looks like a bad plane crash, lots of people injured.
This is the flight crash the
awful plane crash with injured victims
Oh no, looks like a bad plane crash. Are these the survivors
It looks like these poor people their plane crashed. I feel horrible and scared for them. Makes me nervous
Could be a plane crash and looks like many people made it out.  Hopefully no one trapped insdi
this is really gruesome, but they made it out safely
I hope everyone is okay that does not look good.
Thats very scary. Im glad that others are helping as much as they can for eachother
sad feeling on what has happened to these people
thats mean be a traumatizing feeling
These people appear scared but are very lucky to be alive
Aftermath of a plane crash. I hope those walking away were passengers, and that everyone survived. Terrifying. Makes me not want to fly again. Ever.
Plane crashes are terrifying, but it seems like a lot of people survived this one.
thank goodness these people survived this plane issue. But they probably are traumatized. I would be.
Looks like a plane crash i wonder if many were seriously hurt i feel concerned
that plane is on fire, those people are lucky to get out without it bl
I feel sad for these people but also happy that they are alive and walking from the scene
very scary, this is one of my greatest fears crashing while on a plan
What a horrible situation, but at least they're walking away.
I can only imagine....lokks like a plain ccrash
I fear for these people's future of pain and suffering.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
I feel devastated and scared. Walking away from a situation like that is surreal
I feel sadness and sympathy for these people. How scary and traumatic
Tragedy and sadness for the people in this horrific crash.
relieved that the plain seems to have had some survivors
A horrible crash
This is horrifying and frightening. I fear for those who did not make it out.
Huge fear for a lot of people to become reality.
People fleeing from a plane crash.  So scary for them.
survivors of a plane crash
That is a very scary situation. Those poor people.
Wow, that looks devastating. That must have been terrifying.
It is scary to think of recovering after a plane crash, not knowing if you will survive
my worst fear, a plane crash. terrible tragidy
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
tragedy, investigation, longest day
i hate flying. sympathy for the people. scared.
fear. tragedy. exhaustion.
This is scary. Obviously the plane crashed. These people did survive though, it appears.
They look frightened and exhausted. I imagine that was a terrifying experience.
This is just tragic and makes me feel sad.
This is about an plane crash. The peop
Wow. The victims of a crash. The airliner is destroyed. How sad.
Plane crash
A big Aeroplane accident
That's an awful crash
must have been a bad pla
People being escorted away from an airplane crash. Various injuries.
Looks scary but at least people lived.
this is really scary and sad
plane crash, south america, tragic, inju
PLane crash. Scary. I hope there are survivors
So tragic
Plane crash, must have been terrifying.
Scary, looks like survivors of a plane crash.
I feel sorry for them. Who knows who they lost. Scary.
I can't even imagine what these people just went through, surviving a plane
I feel bad for the people. What a traumatic event to experience. The woman in black looks especially distressed.
That looks devastating and scary
i feel terrified for all the people how scary
I’m glad so many people are ok
Must have been terrifying, I'm glad they are okay.
Looks like all got out good
Fire is powerful and fiwe.
Looks like a bad fire.  NOt sure what is happeni
I hope no one died in this.
Burning oil field.  Shameful.
I lost everything in a fire. It gives me ptsd and
Awful. Escaping a fire would be traumatic.
This is devastating.
Professionals working in a wildfire area. Equipped for the conditions, stressful to observe the flames.
scary, looks like a movie, hard to believe real
How exhausting for the firefighters. Terrible
That's overwhelming. Panic
this is a bit scary fire and masks on something is n
Utter devastation and fear at what might happen. Almost post-apocalyptical
looks like an oil fire, maybe in the middle east .... scary stuff
that's scary
looks like a warzone. Maybe a lava flow
Chemical spill/fire, must be awful for anything in the surrounding area
inside a volcano
Thats a lot of flames. I am freaked out by thi
Bad fire or volcano eruption? Can't tell for sure... Looks not-fun either way
the image of the firefighers looks ver yimpressive. they are doing their best to stop a big blaze here.
Thank goodness they're helping. I wonder what is burning and if everyone's ok. Brave souls. Bless them.
Are they burning something or trying to put it out.  What caused this?  Scary.
i am worried about the workers in suits dealing with what looks like a bomb or chemical spill fire
This makes me sad as in I feel like they are looking for survivors or some sort
Scary but they look protected by suits
this looks scary
These men look protected and that they are doing clean up. I don't feel upset by this photo really.
I wonder what caused such a scene and hope everyone is ok.
Looks very hot.  These guys are brave to go in this situation.
Oil spill? Whatever this is, it looks like hell. Hope the pep
This feels like a dangerous situation and should be avoided.  Bad situation.
I can feel the danger these two are in, but they seem well protected
That's scary.
I feel curious and amazed.
Are they trying to save
looks like an oil field fire and these guys are investigating it.
Looks like a dystopian hell.
These men look brave and I fear for their safety.
They must be hot in those suits fighting the fire, it must be tough.
this is a terrible thing
This looks incredibly dangerous. I
oh that is terrifying. that fire is so dangerous to be in. hope they made it out okay
I can't even imagine the heat and smoke and the fear of being in this situation.
Must be hot as hell to be in a fire like that!
What a terrible fire.   I hope noone was hurt
This is a disturbing sight. So much destruction. Unsafe.
I don't feel much on this at all
Sad. Wonder what horrible natural disater is happening
Horrible accident. It looks like an oil refinery fire.
It's a cool photo, hopefully these people stay safe and can help
The photo is very striking but I feel bad for the people working this site.
Scary and sad. To think that this happens often.
Holy crap!  Be safe people, how scary and nerve wracking this is to see
That very sad and Apocalyptic
I don't know what to think ec
Fighting a fire. I'm sure that's tough.
The look like they are helping prevent future fires. Good for them for helping
Awe and anxiety for the scientists
This fire looks like it is intense, out of hand, and caused so much suffering in its wake, I feel pity for the people who have to deal with it.
This must be a terrible job. Hope they are safe doing whatever they are doing.
This looks like a very crazy wildfire
Fire and devastation. They are in deep trouble.
How awful they look badly burned!
Looks like a big fire. I hope there are no dead people found.
lokks from a movie
Looks like it was a disaster and this crew searches for clues to why
Fire and danger.  I feel hot and distressed
This looks very dangerous and hot. Not sure if it's a natural disaster
That looks scary. There's a fire. I wonder why the men are wearing those suits
scary,
sad wildfire or volcano situation
looks like a chemical burn at least they have protective gear
I don't know what is happening here.
Looks like a massive fire ...lots of smoke
disgusting abuse of the environment
hazardous ,
Oh this looks bad. like something exploded. Or maybe erupted like a volcano.
They look like aliens. They must be looking for something, however it looks scary.
All the wildlife that died. Very sad
well all is dead. war not good
Admiration for what first responders are willing to do to protect us.
scared for the animals
This makes me feel scared about what is happening.
This looks like pure hell. I cannot imagine the heat.
I feel fear for the men
How scary is it to have to walk amongst the fire.
This looks frightening, and I can't help but wonder what is going on.
admiration of their bravery
fear, concern
This image is quite alarmng. t looks lke
This picture makes me feel bad for what the fire is destroying and proudo
Wow I wonder if an explosion caused all that fire?
I feel scared for them and worried.
This is disastrous.  Those brave workers are incredible, b
Horrible fire hope no one is hurt fear for the fire fighters
This is terrifying, I can't imagine having to work in conditions where i could die
I am terrified of fire such as in the picture.
natural disaster, bush fires are scary horrible
Is this from wildfire? Scary to think about all those flames
Fire remains from an accident? Not particularly sad from this angle
Looks like a disaster. So much fire. Lots of people dead! Is it war or a natural disas
This just looks like a fire investigation.  The fire could be out of control or a practice fire
So much fire, must be terrifying to be in it.
this are selfless fire fighters, thank you for saving the world.
This is very scary because it looks like a massive fire. I imagine these two people are in extreme discomfort. Something about the fire makes me wonder what started it.
I don't get it. It's a fire I guess but confusing. Who are those people?
Amazing what mother nature can do.  This is a distubing but preyy
This picture is scary. It looks like a warzone or a bomb dropped. I wou
Looks like some kind of chemical explosion
Scientists in a lava field? Pretty cool--not that scary or bad though.
People coming in after a disaster to help. Horrible the disaster happened, glad people are there to help.
Wow how scary of a situation. The individuals must be very nervous in this situation
Looks horrible.  Disaster.  Hope they find
What happened here? Some kind of chemical explosion?
COOL!
This fire looks really intense and scary.
Sad what has happened here.
an oil spill maybe? i feel sad about this
Going to blame this one on climate change
this looks like an eco disaster
Looks like a intense fire
worried for the mens health after the fact. looks dangerous
Breathtaking and dangerous looking image. Disaster
Sad look like an industrial accident
sad to see environmental destruction, what a waste
Wouldn't want this job.  Concern over the flames, but also chemical exposure.
Scary! This would be terrifying
wondering what happened. Is everyone ok
i hope this isn't near people or a school
Nothing  much here.  Looks like workers doing their jobs.
Looks like they're doing some sort of research. i wonder what the fire is from
Scary and weird.  Wondering what is happening but creeped out.
Pondering what's happening. Bio-hazard
Concerned for the people that are in this situation.  F
horrible. oil spill? pollution
amazed at how willing people are to put themselves on the front line to
It’s scary but artistic
I feel bad for the wildlife
It reminds me of living on the West Coast and all of the smoke and fire
This looks frightening to be around
These guys are doing some cleanup, and they look well protected. Sad things got so messy.
These people are working. Nothing wrong with that. And you guys have plenty of good data and need to
Wonder at what was spilled, concern for men and environment afterwards
I have no idea what's going on in this image.
Sadness people
fire burning out of control with fire fighters dying
Oh wow, maybe fighting a forest fire? I hope they can make it out safely.
Looks horrifying. Where are they and we’re there survivors
Fire and hopefully ev
this looks like a extremely bad fire
I have no comment
Looks like oil fields burning. Scary, but thankful the
scary feeling to be around fire like that even with protective gear
thats is absolutely scary and hot
Fires suck.  My worst nightmare
Looks like oil fields on fire. Hellscape. Can't imagine how hot it is there, how much they are sweating in those suits.
Looks rough, but it's a living I guess.
They are putting out a fire. Maybe someone lost their home. How horrible that would be to lose everything.
Looks cool i wonder what they are doing and what is going on.
looks like an oil field is burning, those guys must be extremely uncomfortab
I feel scared of fire but These people are protected so it's not too disturbing
concerning, looks like some type of chemical disaster or something
Looks like they're taking care of the fire.
Not sure what this is...is it a movie scene? Real life
I worry that they might not be safe enough for this task.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
I am heartbroken to see devastation and men putting themselves at risk
This looks devestating
Crazy image, looks like pros doing some clean up or research.
looks like an awful disaster, very violent
This looks like toxic cleaning
devastating scorched earth!
Volcanic eruption, research?
scary!  perhaps an oil fire.  dangerous!
forest fire or contamination?
Looks like something bad happened.
Scary, I wonder what is burning that they need the suits.
So hot and uncomfortable. Hopefully not to many people died in t
not sure what exactly is going on. looks under some kind of control
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
planned procedure with being quick
reminds me of the fires a few years ago. can smell the smoke.
oo interesting! i love science. what could we learn here.
Yikes! I am glad I'm not here. This looks apocalyptic in nature. What a scary thing, being surrounded by fire like this.
That is a big fire. Strangely beautiful while also scary and sad.
This makes me feel kind of curious as to what and why this photo exists.
This is well. A fire is burnt.
Oil fire? I don't know but those masks always terrify me.
Fire every wear men with fire suites on
A big fire accident
What a bad fire
looks post apocalyptic and creepy
People in hazmats suits navigating through fire.
Lot of fire.  Scary looking people.
doesn't look li
Environmental destruction, climate change, death
Wildfire ? Flames, fear, things burning, destruction.
Scary I wonder what’s happening
Lava collection, this is so cool. Makes me feel inquisitive and intrigued
a Large fire. Looks scary
That's a huge fire. They are very brave.
Fires terrify me
Awful fire. Or natural disaster maybe. I feel awful for those involved.
This is really horrifying and apocalyptic
what a tough job for these people
Looks
Hopefully nobody was hurt by the fire.
Bad fire
Cartels do not play with business.
Despair for someone.  I would hate to be in this situatio
I am terrified by this, maybe a drug cartel killing?
Man buried.  Not pleasant.
I am not sure why he is doing that. What happened
Awful. What’s happening?
I am sickened and angered by this event.
Human grave or burial of some sort. No context on the manner of death, but hard to see regardless
horror and fear.  scary stuff
Wondered what they died from.
Very sad. Can't imagine having to bury someone I know
wartime burial i assume at least he is being bur
Sad, I think this is a burial. How hard that must be to cover your friend like this
being buried is a scary thought , with no coffin !
sad. I hope it isn't a friend he knows
looks like a mob hit.
Awful, maybe burying a friend
he's actually sleeping
Curious. Deviously intrigued. Hmmmm!?
Burying the dead out in the old country. Pretty normal out there really...
why are these people burying such a shallow grave for this person. it looks very unappealing and not desirable here.
Oh... it sucks that this guy isn't having a proper funeral. I hope his family was told, and this isn't a murder
The mob is burying someone.  They are professionals.
I am horrified and disgusted by this guy in the hole dead
This is extremely disturbing to see someone getting buried like this.
Scary person looks trapped or being buried
This looks like a murder scene. I hope that mans family knows what happened
I would be terrified to be burried alive and I worry thats what is happening in this photo.
It is shocking to see the man being buried. I feel bad for him.
Ew, I don't think people should be buried without a casket.  Poor guy.
Covering up a murder? Hope nothing nefarious!
I hope this is not a war or a criminal act.  Scary to see.
Looks like this guy was murdred and he is covering up
I'm not sure what's happening in this im
I feel curious and alarmed.
Some people can be inhuman. Why do this
I wonder if that guy was alive when he got in that hole.  I hope so.
The joys of working for a cartel
scary, looks like a crime or a gang or something.
thats a pity, they shouldn't be burying people like that in af
What is going on this is unreal
Man, that's not an especially reverent way to inter someone.
really sad to see. it is a burial. deserves a better one though
I hope he gets caught.  Disrect
Drug deal gone bad.  Unfortunat
Oh no did he stumble on a shallow grave
This is a sad and depressing scene. Unfortunate.
sad to see more cartel violence
Unsure if it is a buried alive situation or trying to hide a killing.
I hope that this person is not being buried alive. Very scary.
Ugh, that's awful. Not clear if its's a good burial or a bad burial
This image is disturbing and sad.
It looks like someone died? Not sure.
Whyyyyyyyy.  This is like WTF status.
I feel sad and I don’t know what
I am sad for this victim.
Burying someone. Sad.
This person has to be so sad burying someone possibly a friend
Anxiety over whether the man in the hole is alive or dead.
Absolutely horrifying to watch a human in a hole in such an undignified manner.
That might be his brother or son, this is very very sad.
Burying someone that died. Not sure if that person killed him.
This would be impossible to do for some. I feed very sa
I can't tell what its is. An animal?
What a sad view. I hope this arrest this killer
burn pit? I can't tell
I really cant tell what is going on here. Didd he fall out a window
Death.  Burying a friend.  Sad to do
the man looks like hes wearing a suit. wonder what happened for
Is he burying a dead man or unburying him?
sad. Hope the person rests in piece. Hope he wasn't murdered by the guy burying him.
very sad
digging a grave, is the man dead or still alive? kind of scary to think if he's alive
I think this is related to the drug trade.
Dead body being buried.
ths is incredibly s sad
tell me this isn't a mass grave
Is this man burying him? Like .. or uncovering the body?
So sad. Death comes for us all. I hope this guy had a good life.
Wow, so sad this guy has to bury another guy, or did the guy with the hat
is this a grave or a
Intrigued by what I am seeing and sad for the man who had died,
not very sure what's going on in this picture
I feel pretty blase about this picture.
This seems confusing. I can't tell whats happening.
I feel sad at the loss of life
He should be getting a proper burial.  How sad.  Makes my heart H
I feel sad about this.
disgust. would
anger, disgust
Is someone being baried? What happened here??
This disgusts me and I wonder if a murder has taken place. Sadn
That is sad to dig a grave for someone in just dirt.
This gives me anxiety because I think about being buried alive and it is one of my top fears.
I hope this man is ok.  I am scared for him
Sad for the dead person hopefuly he died of natural caisuses
looks like he's burying a body, not too graphic but sad no
What is going on here? how did this person die?
burrying a dead body back in the day. never forget this pt
Just making a natural grave? I don't think it's too upsetting.
Is there a body down there? I can't tell for sure.
This is scary. This man is covering up a crime.
This is very disgusting that this man did not get a proper burial and that someone would bury him t
How awful that he has to dig a grave. Must be
This is wickedness and evil
I am frightened by this picture since I do not know the context. I do not know if the man in the grave is a victim of a murder or ju
A person is being buried but looks almost normal. It's disturbing but confusing.
Horrible job to bury someone.
I am disturbed looking at this. Did this man murder the person in the hole?
Why? Goodness
Is this someone being buried alive? How horrifying--why would anyone take a photo of this?
No one should have to bury a friend or loved one, very sad.
This is awful. The poor guys
Burying massacre dead?
What? Is this person being buried alive or being uncovered?
Is that a dead body in there?
This image is sad but I don't know what happened.
This is bad.
is he burying him alive? disgust and horror
Did he find him or is he burying him
i am not to shocked by this scene
It's sad. I wonder what happened to the ma
Sad it looks like a funeral
Disgusted. The body that’s being buried is mutilated
Disgusted seeing a corpse being buried without any coffin
upsetting to see this, don't like it
This is unsettling.  I have curiosity a
heartbreaking to have to bury some
Fear of having to bury someone.
i hope he didn't kill that guy, at least he's burrying him
Makes me feel something illegal happened here.
this would be a traumatic experience
This is sickening.  Why is he being buried?  Is he dead?
Unfortunate to see someone being buried. That's too bad.
Is he cleaning up blood?  I am confused.
frightening, war, death
Are they hididng or uncovering the body
Oh gosh, what is happening here?
I think he killed that guy and is covering it up, wow
Its upsetting and illegal
I feel bad, someone had clearly died and being burried
This picture is horrifying. What must the person doing the burial be feeling?
Burying a body. Sad. Be more respectful of our time!!!
I feel sorrow and fear, concern over a probable murder. tense
Somebody burying a body. I hope he's an undertaker.
Very Bad
drowning or flooding
Oh no, is he being buried alive? Or did this man murder him?
Looks to be covering a body. Maybe soldiers. Not sure if this is his job or
Sad.  Looks like they have to bury someone that was killed/died
this is just awful!!!
Looks like a man that is burying someone he knows
What the hell? How is this being documented? T
uneasy feeling on the guy in the grave and the one digging
the reality of d world countries
All I can think of is Poor guy.
Looks like a funeral, a man (South America?) burying another man. Not sure how he died, it doesn't seem too sinister, but who knows.
Hopefully, the guy in the ditch is already dead.  Being burried alive would be horrible.
looks like someone is being buried. what a terrible job to have.
Looks like someone burying a dead body. Gruesome.
looks like this person is being buried in an unmarked grave, i wonder why any
Oh that's gross and disturbing and looks like the guy died violently
very scary, not sure if that person is dead
This makes me sad. It looks like a quick burial.
Deeply disturbing. Looks like killed and burying them in
I am grossed out by the body laying the grave.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
I'm scared and sad. Scared of the man doing the bury
I feel extreme anger at what this person os doing. how scary
sadness and horrified.
sad as someone looks like they are covering up a crime
This looks like a murder.
At least they are being buried and not left to the elements. sad
Are they burying him? Or found him?
buried!  Awful!
a burial, war time?
This is really depressing.
This person has a family and it is awful to seem the buried this way without being able to say goodbye
this is very sad. I'm sad that this photo was taken.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
some kind of horror or unfair treatment
death. losing loved ones. sadness, grief.
cartels? what could he have done? how many have they buried?
Whether a dead body or burying alive, this is a very upsetting image. I feel sick.
Did they find a grave or is he creating one? Those are two very d
This is a gruesome photo. This is tragic.
This is terryfying. very good.
Burying an individual in a grave. Yikes. Groosss
burring a dead person
A man death
Looks like a poasible crime ascene
I wonder if they're digging or burying.
a person burying a body. Could be a murder or natural causes
The ground looks like blood making it look worse than it is.
crazy to see someone just bury a person like that
Where the bodies are, illegal burial, wrongful death
Burial. Upsetting.
Sadness for the one who is gone
We all die eventually
very sad. Looks as though he is burying a
I wonder what happened to him. Unfortunate and sad.
Burring someone
I don't feel much towards this because it's difficult to see what is really happening. I feel sorry for the family.
Can’t tell what’s going on but looks bad
looks like something the mexican mafia would do
That’s disturbing
That's too bad, hopefully he's the bad guy.
Buried in the fi
Damn, RIP young man. The streets are indeed cold.
devastating accident. terrible
This is so disturbing I wonder how this happened.
Terrible!  Gang related?
Oh my god. The dog. This is so gross.
Sad. Hope they get help.
Sad and disgusting
Man killed, lying dead with confused animals and friends or family over him. Very sad to see.
tragic.  The dogs are confused.
Why are they letting the dog drink bloody water
That's anxiety inducing. Horrible accident
killed on the side with no one and people just looking now no care hate this
Ugh, some kind of violent unexpected end. Tragic, and so awful that the dogs are there in the blood. Gross and
keep the dogs away from the blood !  the dead man deserves more respect !
jesus thats hard to look at he
Looks like a suicide
Awful, is he dead?
bashed by car i guess
Omg. Stop the dog he’s eating evidence.
Oh my, wonder what happened to him? That looks like an awful scene! :/
this guy got really messed up and is bleeding real bad. the dogs are confused about the blood on the ground here.
Oh sh*t. I hope he's not dead, but people are standing around like he is. And the dog. Jeezum crow.
Has this person been beaten or is passed out from drugs?
disgusted and sad that this mans dead body is just lying in the road
This is beyond disturbing and traumatizing. It is also upsetting that these people are just standing there and
Terrible he looks dead
This is awful. The poop dogs dont know what is happening
This photo is really upsetting with the blood, and the obviously dead man. I wonder if he was murdered or i
This scene is very heart wrenching. It is diffi
Oh my gosh, guy was killed and this looks horrific!
Horrible scene. Someone get those dogs out of there!
I hope this person isn’t dead and gets the help they need.  I feel bad for him.
Looks bad, why are these people jus looking at him?
That's horrible.
I feel grossed out and sad.
I feel bad seeing someone in that ondition and
I bet he was shot in a drive by.  Too much blood and looks like a head wound.
Yikes!  No.  Get those dogs away.
Oh this is horrible,
something disturbing happened, there is a lot of blood makes me squ
what a tragedy my gosh
OUCH! I'm not so sure that man survived whatever happened to him.
that is sad. the man was murdered.
This is revolting.  Why aren't they keeping the dogs away.
Feel bad for family members that they have to see this
So horriffic.  Looks like they
I feel very bad for this person, They are obviously passed.
accidents are bad
Sorrow. Appears an accidental death and sadness from onlooker - family?
Oh no this looks like a terrible accident with lots of blood. So sad.
Oh jesus, that's awful. Why are they just looking at a dead person.
This is violent and sad.
Wow. Extremely strong picture. My heart is racing.Poor man.
Oh good god.  Pray he is alright.  Why are they standing there? Call someone!! And th
I feel disgusted sad and angry that people st
I feel so bad that for this person and their family. why let dogs near him
A dead person laying on the ground. Sad.
This person looked like the got run over. This is horrific and so sad
Anxiety and sorrow for what appears to be a pointless death
This looks like a murder or one hell of an accident where someone really was hurt in an unspeakable way, and then demeaned by
Terrible to see a dead man in the street. Hope he gets justice.
Yikes, the person is dead and the dog is licking the blood.
This scene is horrible. The dog licking the blood makes it even
That is a massive head injury, maybe fatal. Cou
What a sad murder scene. Looks like a brutal murder. I hope they found who did it
disgusting dog lick up human blood
Man was murdered  we dont know why though and the onlookers dont look too horrified. Sad situat
Sad.  Death.  People just looking like t
Very sad way to live. People walking around like it's nothing. Scary world we live in.
Oh. Yikes. Sad. Hit by a car?
disgusting,  why are those people just watching like that, not helping. Very unsettlng.
this is honestly horrible
dying on the street, are others judging or sad. is he left to die in his own blood oof
Someone just murdered this person. I hope the observers
This person looks seriously hurt or even dead.
so sad to see people in desparate circumstances
Oh my goodness, this looks bad
Oh that's messed up. And people are just standing there. Is no one going ot help him.
This is devastating. So freaking sad! What happened?
I wonder what happend to the guy. Is he dead?
a life cut too short.
Sickened by the man's death. aThe dog licking the blood is disg
terrible, heartless, hopeless, painful,
I feel disgusted that the dog seems to be licking
Is he dead or injured. It's a lot of blood.
this looks like something very violent happened.
My heart hurts. The hurting people going on
Shocking.  I feel bad for him.
wondering what happened, disc
anger, disgust, curiosity
What a terrible image. I feel sad and frightened
Mortified. What happened to this man? Disgusted at the dogs in the blood.
My stomach and heart hurt for this scene and this poor man.
This is brutal and hard to look at. It makes me so sad for the person.
This man looks dead or severly hurt, I am nervosu for his fate
Sad someone was shot in central America
Seeing dead bodies is always awful and sickening, especially w the dogs and blood had to look
Curious, want to help this man but too late.
finding a murdered person on the side of the road
Wow that's pretty gross, I hope they're not letting their dog lick that blood.
This is distressing. Both the fresh blood on the ground and the nearby animals and people together are
How awful. The man had a bad accident. He must be dead. How
This makes me heart broken and sick in side.  The people that found him must be feeling horrible. Its not
Sad and disturbing that th
This is inhumane and brutal
I am upset by it. There is a lot of blood which. makes me wonder if this is a murder victim. The dogs are heartbreaking, I wonder if they
This is really awful, seeing the man and the dogs. I hate it.
Disgusting  Hate to see bloody
This is disturbing. The dogs are standing in this mans blood.
Very disgusting. Cant look
This is awful. Looks like a brutal homicide and the body was just left in the street for someone to find. There are kids in the background too.
Bad bike accident? Or gunshot wound by the road. Why is no one helping?? Get the dogs away from the blood
so sad that the man is dead and the dogs are just walking all over the place
Murder on the road.  Those witnesses look too calm, r
Wow! Is he dead? There's blood everywhere!
Is that dog straight-up drinking this guy's blood? Wear a helmet people.
This is horrible! How was this person killed? So sad.
Oh I don't want to see this.  He's probably dead.
oh no! This poor guy, I feel sad and scared of this.
HOW
probably killed by drug cartel
This is very disturbing seeing the dead man and blood
Horrific to see all the blood
Horrified. This looks to be a murder scene
horrified and grossed out. Murdured in cold blood.
very grim.  the dog is the most disturbing
Horrific scene.  Makes me think of brutality.  Also concerned about the dogs
This is terrible
Sad to this victim wondering what happened.
I'm sad to see the death and the blood on the womans skirt
Wow now that's disturbing and sad at the same time.
this is very gruesome, i can't imagine what is going through their minds
This is a disgusting and highly disturbing image.  I am grossed out and horried for the
Eek! Dog walking in blood of dead person. Tragic.
OMG, this is so disturbing and graphic.
gross murder scene? bad accident. scary
Unfortunate loss of life
This is terrible on so many levels
oh wow, that's gross and I think he died
It reminds me of protests in 2020
Very sick looking at this. Horrible image to see
So horrible. Crime? Murder? Accident? so much blood. The dogs are checking it out.
This person is deceased and I am shocked at how the others are just standing there
Horrifying, what happened. Seems like it was intentional, war or gang.
Looks like a dead body. Ouch.
Its very bad situtation
person murdered and crowd watching him die
Oh no! Looks like a road accident, and it seems to be too late to save him.
This is just Guesome. What happened to that man and why
Disturbing that the person is dead and the dogs are so close to the blood spread
looks like this man was shot while driving a bicycl
That poor man looks like he's not going to make it. Sa
This is awful. One of the worst things I ahve seen.
Disturbing that the people are looking a someone laying there that they don't know is still alive or dead
absolutely disgusting. the peolpe and the d
Omg this is horrible.   Poor man
Very gory, it looks like a gangland murder vs. a traffic accident. Unsettling.
They should get those dogs away from his blood.  That can't be good for them.
I feel horrified that this girl has been killed so violently. Those poor people that seem to have found her.
Oh wow that looks awful i am disgusted jesus xhrist
damn, that dude probably died due to drug gangs or gang violence if
This is gross with the dogs licking the blood and also confusing the way the people are looking unworried
so terrible, i wonder what happened, gang related or accident
How horrible! Was it an accident?
Sick. I can't believe they are just looking on letting the dogs
Disgusted by the image so much that I cannot look at it. The god being there makes it worse.
After saw this image I feel very afraid. It reminds me a fearful situation
I am horrified and terrified.
THis is horrific. He looks dead and it is disgusting the dogs are licking blood
horrifying, this person looks dead. I am disturbed.
so awful to see someone brutally killed and the dog
A horrible scene.
So sad that he died in trauma
Oh man, what happened? Gun shot??
Just awful.  So much blood.  A gunshot perhaps!
a man shot or beaten to death on street
That is a scary scene. P
Oh no, that man was murdered.
This is such a terrible way to die, there is no respect for them, someone should clean it up
this is terrible. I can't believe these are what we're being shown.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
terrible accident or force of anger
death. sad, why are they all just standing there?
brutal death. intentional. curiousity. danger.
The blood makes me feel sick. I wonder if he was murdered or had an accident.
The observers don't seem particularly concerned.
This is absolutely terrifying
An accident is shown on picture. The dogs sme
Get out of here. I feel like my day is being ruined by this survey. :(
Dead man on the road
Aroadaccident in the spot out of the man
He looks in bad shape
how did he die? that looks horrible
appears to be a dead person on a public path.
too much blood.  yuck
i can't believe they are standing there like this happens all the tim
Car accident, hit and run, died too young
Murder, upsetting, fear, sadness
This is cruel
Looks like an auto accident in a poor village, very sad
This is very disturbing. Unsure what happened but I feel for his family.
awful, looks like this man was killed
I feel bad for this man and the people with him. What a horrible and scary accident.
This is awful and really unsettling
totally distrubing especially the dogs
That's awful, feel bad for him.
Not sure what caused this
the kids looks scared
poverty.  sadness. loneliness
Poor children, all alone - is this a wartime photo?
War refuges.  Sad.
They look sad and hungry. What happened to
Saved from a fire?  Where are the adults?
Feel bad for these kids....they are having a hard time.
Children in a war torn area, devastating effects on their faces.
no hope for these kids it appears, but maybe they just played outs
Poor little dudes, they looked lost andbroken
Sadness and despair. Poor babies
child workers it might be sad for them to loose childhood and worked so hard
Kids bearing witness to war/tragedy. So sorry that this is their life; pity, wish i could help
poor homeless or poverty stricken children ?  heartbreaking for sure .
Sadness and pity. They look
are they imparvished or just playing in the dirt
poor kids
this is what every eastern european country looks like to me
Annoyed. Want them to go home.
Cold, lonely, scared, not sure what to do or where to go :(
the pollution in this town looks very bad and is affecting the health of these poor kids. i hope they can get out of that place soon.
Poor kids. Is that burning in the background? Are they alone? They look alone a
A volcano has erupted?  They were kicked out of their home?  Confusing.
I feel pity for these children who look to be growing up in unsafe conditions
This makes me sad because they look very unhappy and
Sad, young children in distress
These poor kids probably work in a mine I feel sad for them
They look dirty from being by the factory. This makes me feel sad that they live in pollution like that
The two children look very dirty and it's hard to tell wha
These poor children.  I wish I could help them.  Not a good situation.
Poor kids. They need something better, A place that will get them to smile.
Feel bad for these kids who are filthy.  I don’t think they were playing outside.
I feel sad these kids have to grow up in such pollution.
Looks like a poor country. That's sad.
I feel guarded because this might be staged.
The kids looks scaried, I hope they will be okay.
poor kids living near a west virginia coal mine
Look like coal kids
sadness, looks like war.
looks like eally tough living conditions, my heart goes out to these boys
poor children war ?
That pollution looks terrible. Those kids will probably have breathing issues for life.
lo
I wonder where their parents are.  They look dejected and lost.
Amazing that these two buy were able to escape house fire
these two boys look traumatized by the
These poor children look so hopeless and lost. Unsettling.
always hate seeing children in distress
Confusing a little bit. Seems like some sort of explosion that caused the blackness
This makes me sad. It must be so hard to breathe.
I'm really sad that people live in aras like this because they're poor. Dumb factories
These children look like they have had a rough life. I am sad that they have to go thoruhg
This is sad. I am sure they feel scared. Hopefully someone helps them.
I have a feeling what is going on here and it is not a good feeling.  Kid pictures like this just ma
Makes me sad. Doesn’t look good to live there
I am grateful my children didn't have to grow up like this. Pray for them.
Kids with ash on them. Looks sad.
two kids look very upset. I am wondering what happened
Sadness that no one seems to be taking care of these kids.
These children look like they have seen something awful and I feel bad that they possibly have experienced the ravages of war or poverty in this manner.
Poor boys, not sure if they are forced to work in that plant or what.
It looks like they got dirty from playing in the backyard
2 children in trouble. I hate to see anything bad happen to kids. It makes me sad.
They look like abandoned children. They look l
Poor little kids. They look homeless, dirty and hungry
dirty kids?
Looks like kids in a coal mine. Sad they have to work so young
Dirty struggling children.  Hopelessness
This looks like pollution and children suffering because of it.
Poor kids. They're dirty and look sad. What happened? Are they homeless?
sad for the boys, hopefully it is not their house on fire. Hope they are ok
very depressing
poor children, covered in dirt, sad life
This kids look like victims of poverty.
KIds look like they can use a good bath
depressing to see kids like this
poor children, looks like from
Aw these poor children being affected by that factory smoke. Their health is oging to be in bad shape
This is sad. No kid should live in an area that's unsafe and polluted.
Is this is a war torn country? Not sure what's going on.
war zones have no boundaires. its a shame children have to go
Innocence facing the reality of war. How terrible for them
sad, they look hungry and dirty and tired and too grown for their ages
I feel that these kids haven't gotten a fair shot in life.
Kids shouldn't have to deal with stress. Help is needed
sadness. children deserve more. they look lost.
Are they out getting dirty or are they needing a loving home?
Sadness.  I hate seeing childred caught in adult matters.
pity, fear, angry that their childhood is ta
anger, pity, disgust
I wonder if these children have been displaced. This makes me sad
Confused and frightened for these children.
Oh no I wonder if these kids are a part of child labor.
This is scary. The boy looks decapitated and I feel nervous for them. They look like they do not know what is going on.
These boys look like they are in trouble and have been playing hard.
I feel sad for the boys they look lost
The boys look dirty and not well taken care of which makes me sad.
Children are dirty, may be playing or running from something,
bad kids in the neighborhood. Need a bath maybe neglected
I hope they're parents are still out there somewhere and they get taken care of.
Are they escaping from somehwere? They look dirty
These little boys are so dirty. I bet they are hungry. They look miserabl
I kind of think this is funny that the boys are dirty and maybe got in trouble by their parents
Poor children, they look like they have a hard life.
Poor kids, they are victims of wi
This is heartbreaking. These young boys were in a fire and that's upsetting to think about. I hope their family is okay.
They kind of just look dirty. It looks like soot on their chins and they look grumpy.
Dirty children from the coal plants.
I pity these kids. They look to be covered in soot and are upset. Why are they alone?
Oh my. Where are their parents
This is sad. It looks like these kids weren't given a  real opportunity in life. So dirty.
Kids are either working in the coal mines or there is pollution effecting them. Horrible. Glad we have moved past those days
I feel very bad for the children. Children should grow up in a safe environment.
What just happened?   Kids have to work in
Weird. This reminds me of Oliver Twist.
Those poor babies...
These children look pitiful and dirty.
Poor kids.  I hope they find their family.
poverty is a very real thing here in america. This makes me sad.
They are in for a tough life
feel bad for these kids, looks like they are poor
The boys look worried and like they are in war
bothered that they seem so dirty. must be working
Sad. These kids look hurt and lost
Very sad these kids look like they are in a war zone
those kids deserve better
Sympathy for the children.  Have they experienced something, or are they just dirty from the soot?
I feel so sad for these boys.
Just some dirty kids.
i hope they have a home, i hate seeing kids go without and dirty
I feel sad that children have to live or play near that.
those poor children, you can see the sadness in their eyes
So sad.  What happened to the poor children.  Wishing I could help.
Sad for injured or mistreated children. not sure what's happening here.
Sad that these to boys have been exposed to such pollution
sad poverty
Children in war or poverty situation is always sad
This is depressing. It looks old
I feel sad for the kids who have to live in this environment
Its very sad, and reminds me of Ukraine
I feel sad knowing these kids are going through a tough time
Such poverty is disheartening. My heart goes out to these children.
I feel awful for these children and want to rescue them
Kids should not be here, dirty, polluted and unhappy.
It looks like the kids are covered in coal.
Poorness child
children who were burned
Ugh, it looks like a picture from a Dickens novel
This image is heartbreaking. I feel horrible for those two lonely boys. They look so scared.
Sad.  Looks like the kids have to work or live in a dirty area. Could be playing
poor sad little boys
Poor kids. I hope they are okay and get help.
Yikes! I dont think they should be outside. Looks like
its sad to see children in pain
boys just dealing with the uncontrollable
These boys appear to be sad and arr running from something
It looks like a hard life for those boys, I feel sad for them because of their conditions of life
It must be tough to grow up in such a dirty environment.
I feel curious as to what they are doing. I wonder if they are homeless or just having fun
Looks like there was a fire, those kids are lucky to have survived.
I feel sad for these children and worried about what they saw and lived through and if they're alone now
I worry about these kids, they dont seem to have a good life very dirty and poor clothes
Poor kids. That doesn't look like a healthy environment.
Oh so sad. Looks like a war scene myabe orphans now.
My heart hurts for these young men and what they must be going through.
After saw this image I feel very sad. It remembers me aboutpchildren
Saddened to see two boys possibly living in lost homes.
I feel very sad and scared for the children they look dirty and hungry
These kids are going through hell. They look like they are in a war zone and it breaks
the future health for these is very depressing
This children live in poverty.
heart wrenching. they look so sad,
So much pollution close to home, very sad and scary
very sad.  Children of war perhaps?
child labor in coal mine
Those boys look hurt and sad. I hope they get help.
They look like something bad happened. I'm worried for them.
Those poor children, I feel bad for them, such an unhealthy environment
poverty is so crushing. sad.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
togetherness and rural
i feel sorry for the children, they look upset and dirty. i wonder what happened to them.
it must be terrible having to live in those conditions.
This one is just sad. These two children are clearly impoverished and dirty, at best. I wish I could help children like this.
Sad.
This does make me feel sad for these kids.
This is bad.
Probably lost their homes due to fire caused by war. I feel sorry for them.
TWO KIDS DIRTY AND MAD
They need to get aay from there
it's hard living near so much pollution especially for children.
Kids appear to live in substandard conditions. Need a bath and clean clothes.
Is this a concentration camp?  Are they burning bodies?
they look scared and hopefully they know where their parents are
filth, poverty, industrialism and despair
Poor children. It looks like they are living in a war zone.
So very sad
This hits close to home being raised in a coal mining family.
Looks like they were in a fire
So sad. They look to be in danger or just rescued from it. Probably scared.
This looks like an awful place to have to live
How sad for these boys. Either being in accident or being forced to work. Their faces look so worn ou
Poor children must be living through something awful
so sad to have kids in an enviornment like that
Looks like a hard life
I feel sorry for them, they need a bath.
Looks like got caught
Vehicles are good but can be the end of som
terrible wreck.  probably most are dead in this wreck.  very sad
That's a bad crash hope everyone's alive.
This is terrible.  Very upsetting.
Scary. That is so traumatic to observe
Thankful for EMT and firefighters. Car accidents are awful.
Devastating,,,,,probably changed people's lives.
Total car crash, possibly a fatality with what seems like blood on the ground. I feel tense in my neck and shoulders just looking at the car.
fear that this could happen so easily
So scary, looks like the person didnt make it.
That's absolutely horrifying.
terrible and painful for everyone involved from vic to first resp
This is horrific. Accidents are so scary, lives can change and be lost in a heartbeat.
Horrific car crash;  hope no one was drinking
That looks bad hope everone i
Bad wreck
Awful, makes me remember my crashes
ugh
Wow that looks fatal. Scarey. Nervous.
Devastating car crash... hope they sur
i hope the people in this car crash or wreck were able to get to the hostpital safely. i hope everyone is alright here.
Drunk driving is a hell of a vice. I doubt the people were OK, but thank goodness for firefighters.
I hope this was a faultless accident, and not someone drinking/drugs and driving.  That makes me sick.
I would be upset to get the call that my loved one was in this car it looks like a bad accident
This makes me feel distraught an
Scared seeing bad car crash
This is scary the people in the car are probably dead
This looks like a bad car crash. I hope the person's ok. Upsetting to see so much damage.
This looks like a horrible crash, I feel bad for anyone involved.
This car crash looks scary.  I hope no one died, but it doesn't look good.
Terrible accident. Hopefully no one died :(
This is a horrific car crash. I hope everyone survived this crash.
This is a horrible car accident. How many people died?
This accident looks serious.
I feel disturbed and concerned about what happened.
I feel so bad seeing a motorbike accident, hope
this looks like a horrific crash.  I bet it was a drunk driver.
Terrible.  Doubt they survived that.
This is sad, I feel sadness for the people in the accident
wow a tragic car crash, looks like it may have been very bad for the people involved
did anyone survive this. It is horrible
This looks like a serious accident. I'm more concerned for the first responders at this point.
Oh that is awful, I hope they are okay. That was a bad wreck to have been in
This looks tragic.  I am guessing that someone has died.  The responders l
Massive accident in which someone probabl
this is sad it is sudh an awful w
This is a huge fear of mine, terrible car accidents frighten me.
happens too many times and so sad
Horrible accident. Wondering what caused the accident. REALLY sad if drunk driver caused it.
Scary car accident. It looks like it would be fatal.
Yikes, that's awful. Bad car wrecks are scary to see.
The first responders are doing everything to help. This crash looks violent.
Being in a car accident is always scary. I hope they are okay.
Wowza.  I hope the person is okay.  So scary.
Horrible accident and it makes me sad. I hope everyone is okay.
Whenever I am on the road I fear this will happen to me.
Car accident. Very sad and tragic.
what a horrible crash. I hope no body died. it is scary
I have fear for the people involved in this accident.
This wreck looks horrific and I fear for the state of the passengers to the point I have no hope they are alive
Hope everyone is okay, if the car looks like that then the person would need a miricle to live
A really bad car accident
a sight everyone hates to see. A mangled mess of steel and dead bodi
I don't think the driver lived or they are badly injured.
Looks like a deadly card accident. They are probably no survivors
fatal accident
motorcycle crashes happen everyday . Im numb to it
Violent crash.  Hopefully no one is hurt
A wreck with a possible fatality. Traffic is backed up.
Oh. No. Worry. Hope someone isn't seriously hurt or dead.
very scary and sad. Someone was sure to be hurt in this.
horrible accident I feel bad for them
accident. I'm terribly afraid of dying in a car crash. this is stressing me
No one survived this wreck. Awful!
It's no way someone survived that crash. Oh man
sadness and trauma
major accident, hope  they survived
Agh man that's a bad crash. looks brutal.
Oh no! I hate car accidents. Such a tragedy. I hope they survived.
Wow, a devastating thing to see. Seen it in real life too
my heart breaks for the people in the car . Im sur
I feel at a loss for what happened here. Nothing good.
so scary... car wrecks are unexpected and devastating
I am shocked that such a high speed collision happened.
Utter destruction. I hope no one died.
That looks bad. I feel sad that someone probably died.
My heart breaks for the first responders.  The crash looks bad. Hope they are ok.
How scary and tragic.  I can't imagine going through that.  I hope they didn't suffer.
angry that someone wasnt driving properly, pra
appalled, concerned for the occupents
What a horrible accident. I hope no one was badly injured
I worry about the occupants because this looks like a deadly car crash, sad
Wow what a terrible accident I hope everyone feels safe.
This looks brutal and scary. I was in a car accident before so I feel a lot of sympathy for these people.
This gives me the chills.  Looks fatal and no chance of survival.
Sad for the car accident hope the driver is ok
horrible car accident makes me sad/sick to see pics of. worried people may have died
Oh no! I doubt if anyone survived this crash.  Horrot and sadness.
horrible, car accidents kill. drunk driver. maybe drugs involve
Wow that must have cause a death or serious injury for
Terrible car crash. I hope they made it out okay
What a bad accident. I wonder if anyone got hurt. I don't see any bodies.
This is scary.  I hope the people got out of the wreck unharmed
Oh no, looks like a bad crash. I assume some fatalities, sa
This accident is very bad, my heart goes out to the victims
I am very upset by this image. This looks like a deadly car crash, and I have to wonder if anyone died or was drastically injured.
I'm scared seeing this. I don't want to even look at the details. It's worst.
Car crashes are always scary, happen every day so we get immune to them.
This picture amazes me. Impact mustv'e been strong to crush the car like this.
Hope everyone is okay
Looks likea n awful wreck. From the old days. Safety has improved now in crashses. I wonder if anyone was harmed.
tragic car accident, can't imagine someone survived that
What a terrible image. I feel sorry for all involved.
Scary because could happen to anyone.  I think driver died.
This car is completely wrecked. I hoped no one died.
Well that was a terrible accident.
I have been in a bad wreck before. I hope the person made it
Terrible accident and it looks like there may have been fatalities.
How tragic, i wonder what happened. I'm scared and worried for the passengers.
Oh NO
this looks pretty bad
The first responders are working hard. It looks scary.
This scares me for what could happen
Horrified. This is a terrible accident and I don’t believe there are survivors
Horrified that someone probably died in this accident.
oh no, I hate to see accidents like this
Horrible experience.  Hope that everyone is okay.  Brings back memories of my accident.  Yuck.
That's scary, I'm sure no one survived this
I hope no one died in this accident
so scary, i hope everyone was ok
Hoping the driver is ok.
this looks awful, I wonder how the people in the car are
Horrified.  Knot in my chest seeing that.  Reminded of my car crash.
Ack! I hate the thought/sight of bad car accidents.
Tragic wreck.  I hope they are okay.  Concerned
dangerous, life threatening auto wreck
It's a horrible scene that's all to common. Hope everyone sur
This is horrible. It makes me sick seeing it
It looks gruesome. I would hate to be them
This looks like a bad accident
I feel sad knowing that people would be killed or injured
Terrible accident. Probably someone was severely injured of killed. Very sobering.
I am upset because there are way too many road fatalities in this country
COncerned about occupants, doesnt look good for them, drunk driving?
Looks like a bad car accident.
There is an car accident and the car is fully damanged.
deadly car accident
Yikes, I hope the people made it out! It really looks like a terrible crash.
This looks tragic and like there wasn’t any survivors. My heart is breaking
Looks like a bad car accident.  Hopefully the drivers survived
a very very bad car accident hopefully nobody was hurt
Geez that looks horrible. Hope the people are okay.
Damn. This is a really bad accident. No survivors I'm sure.
Car crashes can be so scary, life and death cause
damn that is not a good scene.
All I can say is I hope they survived
Brutal car crash. I don't see any victims, I wonder if anyone made it out of there alive. Again, heroic rescuemen.
That's pretty brutal.  People fail to realize how dangerous driving can be.
Looks  like a bad wreck. I don't see any bodies so hopefully the people made it out okay.
Looks like a bad accident. They are definitely severly injured. I feel concerned.
That's a massive wreck, i hope the airbags saved those people and seatbel
This makes me feel nervous and scared thinking about loved ones of mine who have died in car wrecks
terrible accident, I worry for the occupants of the car as it does seem like they were probably injured
That's pretty brutal. I hope they were alive.
Real life.worried about what happened. Praying for them..
I am alarmed at the site of this horrible accedent and worried about the people involved.
After saw this image I feel very bad. It reminds me an accident situation
This is saddening. For the person involved in the crash and the rescue team.
I feel absolute horror and sympathy for those involved and their safety. It
Horrified that someone was in that vehicle. They may not be alive and that is sad and scary.
can't image anyone could survive that
This is a horrible accident.
how sad for that family.
Wonder if they're ok.
Horrible car crash!  Scary and so sad,.
really bad car accident
Devestating crash, so sca
This is a scary accident.
So terrifying that your life can change in an instant from someone else bad decision.
that is a terrible accident. looks like no one survived. very sad.
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
danger and grief and mechanical
sad, scared, makes me more afraid of driving than i already am
pain. what could happen if i was there in it.
Someone likely got very badly injured or killed in this crash. It's scary because it could happen to me or my family.
I'm sure this was pretty gruesome a few minutes before this picture was taken.
This makes me feel worried for the person in the crushed car.
This is bad.
Oh wow. What a terrible car crash. Terrifies me.
Bad car crash
The road side car accident
What a bad accident
that accident looks horrible, someone may be dead
First responders looking over a crash.
Very bad accident.   Did they live?  But see no bodies at least.
horrible and hopefully everyone is ok but probably not
Very bad accident, maybe fatal, totalled car
Fatal car crash. Distressing, disturbing, sad.
Very scary and tragic
Looks like a horrible car crash, I feel sad for anyone that died and if they lived they are in for months of reha
Scary. I hate seeing car accidents.
Horrible accident. Probably fatal. I feel for their families.
super scary
I feel scared and worried for those involved in the crash. I hope they were okay.
This is so sad someone definitely might have died
what a horrible crash i doubt any survivors
I don’t know if anyone could survive
Hopefully nobody died.
Hope no one hurt bad
The fireman are lifesavers inded. God bles them.
rescuing someone from frie.  very sad
Oh that poor woman I hope she is alive.
This is devastating.  Very scarry.
Fire is a trigger for me, and I feel sa
Love emergency responders.
Scary....hope everyone got out.
Brave firefighters rescue a woman, hopefully she is just passed out and can be saved. I feel anxious not knowing if she's alive.
terrifying.  This poor person and the firefighters, brave
Poor lady, ho scary for her.
That's terrible. Sad and scared
hits me hard my whole family are firefighters i feel for the person the
How scary and devastating to be in this situation, thank goodness for firefighters.
the fire took her life, its a sad photo
Shock. Is she alive?
heroic I hope the woman is gonna be ok
Fires are awful. she looks bad
she don't look good
Looks like a mannequin. Hurry! Scary.
Looks like she's gone. Terrible result from a fire. Thank goodness for the FF
i hope the girl the firefighters are saving is not dead here. she looks very badly hurt here.
Oh no. I hope the person is OK. Again, bless the firefighters.
This looks serious, but hopefully the firefighters are able to save everyone.
This is a very upsetting picture it makes me think of my friend who died in a fire
This is upsetting to see because the person does not seem t
Sad, person looks dead
I feel sad that this woman is hurt. I hope they saved her
This picture is so scary and I worry that the woman is dead.
The body being carried looks very bad off, I hope they are ok.
This looks scary, hope they make it.  That smoke looks very thick.
Brave men and woman saving lives. hope the woman is ok!
I hope this resume victim is ok and survives.  This is a dangerous situation.
I feel relief this person was rescued. I hope they're okay.
I hope everyone got out ok.
I feel very alarmed and disturbed.
The fire fighter want to save someone, wishing
what heroic men, rescuing that women from a fire.  I hope they saved her life.
Oh no.  Horrible.
how brave.  I hopt the man being rescued is okay.
that's really a shame, i'm glad they are trying to save the person though
my gosh this is terrible why
I hope they got her out before she suffered permanent damage.
That is tragic, it does not look like the person made it our alive.
I hope the responders got this person out in time.
House fire in which someone is being saved by
oh this is saddening,.  it looks awful
This is tragic, I don't think this person survived.
burns and smoke are bad, hard to watch this
Horrible house fire. Seems really bad.
This is so scary. House fires are one of my biggest fears. So sorry for this woman.
This is sad but hopefully the woman can be saved and will live.
I hope the person is okay. Being a first responder is so hard.
It must be very distressing rescuing someone from a fire. I wonder if they made it.
Hope she pulls through!  Prayers!!!!!!
I feel sad and hope  the person is okay.
So grateful for the fireman trying to save people and risk their lives.
Firefighter saving someone from burning house. Very sad.
The lady looks badly burned and in so much pain. I am glad the firefighters are able to help
Proud of the fireman risking his life, anxiety and fear for the person they are holding
I cannot imagine the amount of pure pain this woman is feeling but happy that someone is trying to help her at least.
Can not imagine having to carry a dead body out of a burning building, this is heartbreaking.
That person does not look well.
Firemen rescuing people. A very dangerous and heroic job.
Oh wow. Someone is badly injured. I hope the
She has so many scars. I hope she survives. I am glad they saved her
I don't know if she made it
This is the worst a house fire and they appear dead
Heroic deeds.  Life and death combined.  Hope for the vi
she looks burned bad. such a noble job
Fire. What happened? Why isn't she wearing clothes? Hope she's ok
Oh no, hope the poor woman is ok. That looks very serious. Very hard to look at.
heroic fire rescue
being saved from a burning building. I hope she was saved alive
Man is lucky to get rescued.
Woman looks like she barely made it
extremely scary situation
brave fireman, recusing th
Oh no! I hope the lady is okay and survived this.
This is traumatic. Hope that girl survives. Bless her heart.
brave fireman resucing someone. Hope it's not too late for that person.
i hope shes okay
Full admiration for this first responder. Sad for the victim.
terrible, i hope that person is okay, they look unconscious
I am excited that these people are getting saved.
I hope everyone makes it out safely.
I am so horrified but what probably happened to that woman,. I am very sad and i
These firefighters are BRAVE. I hope the girl is ok.
That poor woman.  I feel sad for her.
admiration for firefighters, fear for the victim
fear, concern
It has to be terrifyng to remove a body from a house.
I am woried for the woman and hope she is alright, she appears to be hurt
Oh man I am sorry for the woman I hope she is OK
This is so sad to see. I hope this person survives and I hope there are no more people in the building.
I am nervous for this lady and hope she will end up ok
Sad for the woman hope she is a live and makes it
poor woman looks dead hopefully the brave firefighters could save her i
Horror,  Fire is frightening.
firefighters face alot of stress saving people hero
I'm glad they got rescued? Firemen doing their job
Tough daily situation. I hope they're still okay
What brave heroes. I hope the person is okay. How scary!
This is heart breaking.  I feel for the firemen and the family of the victim
Thank goodness for the fireman, i hope she will be ok
This is fire outbreak, i seriouly feel their pain. I hope shes is alive
This is horrifying. It is unclear whether that woman is alive or not and that is upsetting to look at. The fact that she appears naked is sad too.
Scary. Weird too that she doesn't have clothes, but scary.
Heroes recuring a young person.  How great.
This is scary and sad. I hope the woman is ok but she looks to be injured very badly.
Oh thats horrible. Hope she loves
How heroic. I hope the firefighter was able to rescue that poor lady. I wonder where his helmet went?
Wow that person does not look ok
Wow this must be a scary situation for the woman and the firefighters. I hope everyone was okay in the end.
Rescue but too late.  Hope my house never has fire.
Wow. I hope this person will be okay.
These guys are heroes.
Oh my gosh, That person looks badly injured. I hope they are ok.
oh my, I hope she's alright.
wow that house is on fire! that is terrible, and distressing. That poor wo
I hope she is ok
this is a scary scene
It looks scary. Concerned about the w
I am worried for the woman. She seems very hurt
Horrified. I hope that woman can be saved
Saddened seeing her at best passed out, worst dead from fire
hope they got that person out in time
I hope the woman turns out to be okay.  So impressed with firefighter bravery.  Scary.
This is heartbreaking
OMG!!  so sad to see her unresponsive
i hate seeing the dead woman in his arms like that
Sad I hope she can be revived.
oh wow, I hope she ends up okay. this would be a terrifying position to be in
Frightening.  Hope the person ulled thru
Solemn emotions. Did the person die in a fire?
Tragic, a victim of a fire.  They don't look like they made it:
fear, tragedy.
Brave fire fighters saving others. looks like shes unconcious
So horrible, I hope she lived
I hope that lady is ok, she looks passed out.
What a scary thing to have to be helped through. I hope theyre okay
This is very upsetting to see. I feel terrible seeing this
A terrifying rescue. I'm afraid the woman isn't going to make it.
This person could be in cardiac arrest and might not live
admire bravery, concern for woman, she
A firefighter is saving someone.
Fire
this looks devatstating!
Oh yikes, I hope they rescued her in time! Looks like just in the nick of time.
Looks to be he’s saving a lady. I hope she made it. Looks to be in bad shape
looks like she was rescued from a house fire.  Hopefully she is ok
helping a lady down a ladder to escape a fire
Firefighters are saving the woman that needs treatment bad
Oh no. Shes hurt. And probably terrified. it will take a long time for her to recover.
I hope the lady survived. Being in a situation like that is fearful
i hope she survives. heroes at work
I hope she survives
Tragic. Hoping the person pulled out of the fire is alive. Heroic firefighters.
That lady does not look like she is walking away from this.  That is terrible for her family.
this woman probably didn't survive the fire. that makes me sick to my stomach. what if she had family?
Looks like they are rescueing someone i wonder if they i hurt i hope not
that woman looks like she was badly burned and she might not make it
This is disturbing but also makes me feel thankful for firefight
so sad. looks like this person is dead from a house fire. maybe they were too late rescuing her
That's horrible. I hope they were ok.
Disturbing. She's naked & looks dead.makea me wonder if suicide
I worry that this woman is not going to make it.
After saw this image I feel very sad. It reminds me an accident situation
Horrified for the rescuers and this poor woman.
I feel anxious. This is scary and brutal. I hope the person lives
shocking and horrifed. I hope this person is alive and okay.
so heartbreaking to see a young person caught in a fire like that
Very scary to see this.
I am scared for her- I hope she is ok
Terrifying and agonizing.
so scary.  A fire rescue.  Hopefully she will be ok.
firemen rescuing woman from burning building
This is so scary. Poor woman. I can’t imagine
Wow, that looks bad. That would be scary.
So scary that the person died in the fire.
what a tragic scene. thankful for the firemen and their help
notice or perceive (something) and register it as being significant.
go time, go go go effort and health
scared, sad, i hope everyone is okay
death. i always wonder what they thought of just before it ended.
These people are in serious danger. I feel so bad for them and their lives. They are so uncomfortable looking.
I can imagine the adrenaline rushing here. Fear. Determination.
This makes me feel so sad. Damn this is a tragic photo.
The fire mans is working. This is good.
Oh wow. Such brave firefighters. I hope she isokay
Pulling a woman out of a fire
fire accident helping to the fireman
Bad fire
it must have been a bad fire. glad they're hopefully ok
Carrying a victim from a fire
Smoke so bad you can't see the fire fighters.  And she looks dead.
scary to see these guys risking everything for someone and it's an intense scea
Tragic, unexpected, heroic
This is horrible. Looks like the woman is dead and burned.
Sad and scary
That poor person must be in so much pain and feeling a whole new level of terror. Glad they got them out.
Rescuing a fire victim.
Pure emotion from this pic. Terrifying. Amazing.
heroes saving lives, I hope this person was able to live
I hope the woman is okay. It looks like an awful fire.
I really hope she’s okay that’s scary
what a sad scene i really hope the lady is alibve
I feel so bad for them, hopefully they lived.
Hard job for them
